corrupted_text,corrected_text
"Pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously , and cultivated in himself those traits necessarsy to its preservation .","Pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously , and cultivated in himself those traits necessary to its preservation ."
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from cadar and visual meteor data .,The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data .
"It made him pretty hot under the collar , after the idea Miss Sis had given him , to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer and next , if you please , and that much as she regretted it , they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the chilren .","It made him pretty hot under the collar , after the idea Miss Sis had given him , to be told by Miss Kiz that her holy spa was all reserved for this summer and next , if you please , and that much as she regretted it , they would be unable to entertain Mrs. Robards and the children ."
He couldn't get away from hes in this kind of ground .,He couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground .
"Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educaeional level and above all , racial extraction ; ;","Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;"
"The eplanes , light with most of the gas burned out , reaponeed beautifully .","The planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully ."
Instead of tmhat he was engulfed by bedlam .,Instead of that he was engulfed by bedlam .
"age may be idealistic , believing and much give to professions of optimism .","age may be idealistic , believing and much given to professions of optimism ."
"If W. W.'s retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't tarking -- yet .","If W. W.'s retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet ."
Hoag grabbed him by the houlders .,Hoag grabbed him by the shoulders .
"I know of no oter solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place .","I know of no other solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place ."
"Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were jeined by a group called Meurons .","Within a few years the Scots , engaged in breaking the thick sod and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called Meurons ."
Such an nimal was said to be `` mealynosed '' .,Such an animal was said to be `` mealynosed '' .
"He muttered , and took off , obviously feelinqg like a fool .","He muttered , and took off , obviously feeling like a fool ."
The best staining procedure with this purified Af caonsisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes .,The best staining procedure with this purified Af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in PBS for 15 minutes .
It did't ; ;,It didn't ; ;
"As a group they sould be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of thir work , e.g. Seebohm , Gray and Finberg , tends to obscure their sympathies .","As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. Seebohm , Gray and Finberg , tends to obscure their sympathies ."
"The boy had , apparently -- if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had tolt Mullins -- only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy .","The boy had , apparently -- if Mrs. MacReady was right in what she had told Mullins -- only in recent months been forced to give up college , to work as a busboy ."
'',''
It is even true thast some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- `` everyone does it '' -- as a criterion for conduct .,It is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- `` everyone does it '' -- as a criterion for conduct .
"All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in th eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants .","All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants ."
And there I ws shacked up with Eileen in that filthy fourth floor attic on Hudson Street .,And there I was shacked up with Eileen in that filthy fourth floor attic on Hudson Street .
and today's trade unionr announce pratty much the same view .,and today's trade unions announce pretty much the same view .
"The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations fron the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface .","The internal losses are due to absorption and the small but finite losses suffered in the numerous internal reflections due to deviations from the prescribed , cylindrical fiber cross-section and minute imperfections of the core-jacket interface ."
But the most notable thing about the incantation of these ex-liberals was that the one-time shibboleth of socialism as conspicuously absent .,But the most notable thing about the incantation of these ex-liberals was that the one-time shibboleth of socialism was conspicuously absent .
"As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protiction , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` Come and get it '' .","As it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` Come and get it '' ."
`` Is that a ompliment '' ? ?,`` Is that a compliment '' ? ?
"About a thousand years after that , when tdhe Roman Empire was divided , it became capital of the Eastern section .","About a thousand years after that , when the Roman Empire was divided , it became capital of the Eastern section ."
"and where ity is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous .","and where it is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous ."
The doctor gravely odded approval .,The doctor gravely nodded approval .
"You probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on Fifth Alvenue when you had set outu with me for some final shoppinbg less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm .","You probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as I , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on Fifth Avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the Farm ."
"In the best tradition , he first taught himself to hsee , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and then to paint .","In the best tradition , he first taught himself to see , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and then to paint ."
"One effect of the proposal , which puts e premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be o take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India .","One effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India ."
"In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about ta do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .","In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface ."
"H found that if he was tired enough at night , he went to sleep simply because he was too exhauste to stay awake .","He found that if he was tired enough at night , he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake ."
Griffith had confronted Hoag on the building's fzront steps -- Hoag had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron raiing .,Griffith had confronted Hoag on the building's front steps -- Hoag had been permitted no further -- and backed him against a wrought-iron railing .
"if inner lid is too big , trim t fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze .","if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze ."
"She was finally at rest in tcuth , if her own proud free choice .","She was finally at rest in truth , of her own proud free choice ."
"The fact is due mainly to international wars , both hot and cld .","The fact is due mainly to international wars , both hot and cold ."
"Sir Ed. Gre. is gonne to Brestowe and froy thence to Lond. as I heare , who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good '' .","Sir Ed. Gre. is gonne to Brestowe and from thence to Lond. as I heare , who verie well knoweth our estates and wil be willinge to do us ani good '' ."
Mr. Podge took no chances .,Mr. Podger took no chances .
He turned back to the typewriter with a litte more confidence .,He turned back to the typewriter with a little more confidence .
"Health , excallent .","Health , excellent ."
The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognitien of at least the practical validity of dhis constitutional enactment .,The trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment .
"and ( 4 ) catcher Johnny Blanchard of the New York Zankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat , two of them as a pinch-hitter .","and ( 4 ) catcher Johnny Blanchard of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat , two of them as a pinch-hitter ."
"A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though ict may not lie entirely in the interior of C .","A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though it may not lie entirely in the interior of C ."
"Thus the middle number , 5 , represented Sung-Shan in Honan , Central Chipna ; ;","Thus the middle number , 5 , represented Sung-Shan in Honan , Central China ; ;"
"This has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figare in the popular European press , it leaves him profundly dissatisfied .","This has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular European press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied ."
Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist whic Mr. O'Gonnell implies that it is .,Faulkner's is not the mind of the apologist which Mr. O'Donnell implies that it is .
To the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an unjustifiable aura of falsehood over the bowok which may dissuade some people from reading it .,To the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an unjustifiable aura of falsehood over the book which may dissuade some people from reading it .
How efficient and ecessary are your intra-company vehicles ? ?,How efficient and necessary are your intra-company vehicles ? ?
He ened vhis public career as a two-term governor of New York .,He ended his public career as a two-term governor of New York .
"Charles , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown ees .","Charles , also fifteen , was tall and skinny , scraggly , with straight black hair like an Indian's and sharp brown eyes ."
"`` Cala , wake up '' , he said shaking her .","`` Carla , wake up '' , he said shaking her ."
"Not only , as we know , did Chou En-lai publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that w cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on .","Not only , as we know , did Chou En-lai publicly treat Khrushchev's attack on Albania as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious Marxist-Leninist approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly dictatorial and `` undemocratic '' ) , but the Albanian leaders went out of their way to be openly abusive to Khrushchev , calling him a liar , a bully , and so on ."
"Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I ras able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant .","Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant ."
"Sir Julian Huxley in his book Uniqueness Of Man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection , so is he the only animal who has a long perioe after the decline of his procreativity .","Sir Julian Huxley in his book Uniqueness Of Man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection , so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his procreativity ."
It is hard to see how the siuation could be otherwise .,It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise .
To this we of curse agree '' .,To this we of course agree '' .
"Ruchmond , Virginia ; ;","Richmond , Virginia ; ;"
The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to recure them .,The advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for Rhode Island municipalities to exert effort to secure them .
"`` What's the metter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ?","`` What's the matter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ?"
Measured performance characteristics for this ixperimental tube will be listed .,Measured performance characteristics for this experimental tube will be listed .
The thing about Eugene is tat he's very proud '' .,The thing about Eugene is that he's very proud '' .
Merger roposed,Merger proposed
Washinton,Washington
A candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwarrs .,A candle alight in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards .
"Pioneer 1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 couqnts in 9 hours .","Pioneer 1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the Earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours ."
"Overriding of mayoral veto on btdget changes will require concurrence hby board and Council , and a two-thirds vote .","Overriding of mayoral veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and Council , and a two-thirds vote ."
"The aqnswer the authors give to it , therefore , is of supreme importance .","The answer the authors give to it , therefore , is of supreme importance ."
Russ ran through the bills ant named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly .,Russ ran through the bills and named an amount it was highly unlikely any cowpuncher would come by honestly .
"`` No , it wasb't that '' , Roub said .","`` No , it wasn't that '' , Rob said ."
It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrin which would square the two conditions .,It was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions .
But Oakwood Heights is uniqute in one particular .,But Oakwood Heights is unique in one particular .
Decca is not he only large commercial comypany to impart instruction .,Decca is not the only large commercial company to impart instruction .
Sushi was Out because it was pfretentious .,Sushi was Out because it was pretentious .
"You're coming along peacefully , or I'll put a bulret in your leg '' .","You're coming along peacefully , or I'll put a bullet in your leg '' ."
We've arrved at an age for romance and snobbery .,We've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery .
"In some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion bodies ( Littau and Black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the ret of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen .","In some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion bodies ( Littau and Black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen ."
"Part 2 , discusses the operation of the model ang derives some signifacant conclusions .","Part 2 , discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions ."
But his reelecnion would strengthen the libral Democrats and the labor unions who back him .,But his reelection would strengthen the liberal Democrats and the labor unions who back him .
Followng him .,Following him .
Ma had found one of Pa's hiding place .,Ma had found one of Pa's hiding places .
The number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at T well be called its mltiplicity at T .,The number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at T will be called its multiplicity at T .
`` Oa don't care about the kid '' .,`` Pa don't care about the kid '' .
`` Dut that's wht he told me .,`` But that's what he told me .
"However well chosen and cleverly arranged , such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably havr been the gathering of fresh smples of the Chicago style .","However well chosen and cleverly arranged , such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style ."
"As the 87th Congress began its sesions last week , liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the sluice gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor .","As the 87th Congress began its sessions last week , liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the sluice gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor ."
I wouldn't have known the differlnce .,I wouldn't have known the difference .
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he rfused treatment .,We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment .
The diagonalizable operator D and the nilpotent operator N are uniquely determined by ( A ) and (  ) and each of them is a polynomial in T .,The diagonalizable operator D and the nilpotent operator N are uniquely determined by ( A ) and ( B ) and each of them is a polynomial in T .
"Therefore , N is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7/2 power derifed from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data .","Therefore , N is inversely proportional to the radius cubed and in fair agreement with the inverse 7/2 power derived from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta data ."
"At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appial to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody .","At the same time , his voice betrayed uncertainty about their being here , and conveyed an appeal to whatever is reasonable , peace-loving , and dependable in everybody ."
"This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience , the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagey .","This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience , the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery ."
But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results buqt not much that is positive .,But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive .
He stroved to thin of God an His eternal wrath ; ;,He strove to think of God and His eternal wrath ; ;
Members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonsdrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations .,Members of the Medical Illustration Service lectured and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations .
Cmes the suspicious question .,Comes the suspicious question .
"It was up to her to save Poor Joohn , dear John , to undo the wrong she had done , but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream .","It was up to her to save Poor John , dear John , to undo the wrong she had done , but she trembled at the decision as at the brink of a cold stream ."
"But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-eo-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .","But while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that Malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition ."
"Fourth , the type of vocational training programs should bne related to the employment opportunities in the general locality .","Fourth , the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality ."
"To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems , Mr. Kennedy invited oStevenson to Cape Cod for the weekend .","To continue their important conversations about the Tunisian issue and the whole range of other problems , Mr. Kennedy invited Stevenson to Cape Cod for the weekend ."
Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the gWestern world has been that of the Old an New Testament .,Perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the Western world has been that of the Old and New Testament .
"Four additiona deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' .","Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor , medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' ."
"`` Quit ragging hi , Gran '' , Rod protested .","`` Quit ragging him , Gran '' , Rod protested ."
A member of the IRSAC staff ( E. Van De Walle ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographc statistics in this territory .,A member of the IRSAC staff ( E. Van De Walle ) was recently delegated to cooperate with AIMO in the development of demographic statistics in this territory .
"With respejct to labor disputas , the Wagner-Peyser Act states only ,","With respect to labor disputes , the Wagner-Peyser Act states only ,"
"What sort of mn I would come into contact ith , et the hall ? ?","What sort of men I would come into contact with , at the hall ? ?"
"Shayne strode out blithely , and Rourke checked his watch and sipped his drink , getting a dime ready to make the telephone call to the pplice .","Shayne strode out blithely , and Rourke checked his watch and sipped his drink , getting a dime ready to make the telephone call to the police ."
Use one coat of Firzite an one dcoat of arine pant .,Use one coat of Firzite and one coat of marine paint .
"then they turned to the right , climbed the embankmnt , and walked into the valley again .","then they turned to the right , climbed the embankment , and walked into the valley again ."
Time t become afraid .,Time to become afraid .
The trouble was that there was no lasting satisfacwion in this for Tommy .,The trouble was that there was no lasting satisfaction in this for Tommy .
"Naturally , a park site with scenic views , a good lake , trees , and sand dunes , will attact more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes .","Naturally , a park site with scenic views , a good lake , trees , and sand dunes , will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes ."
Gen. Maxwell Taylor's statement in Saigon that he is `` very much encouraged '' about the chances of the pro-Western government of Viet Nam turning back Communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he wilrl not recommend dispatching United States troops to bolster the Vietnamese Ahrmy .,Gen. Maxwell Taylor's statement in Saigon that he is `` very much encouraged '' about the chances of the pro-Western government of Viet Nam turning back Communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he will not recommend dispatching United States troops to bolster the Vietnamese Army .
kWhat manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as a undergraduate he resided at Christ's College ? ?,What manner of person does Milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at Christ's College ? ?
"There are forty-seven special distrist governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the Kent County Water Athority ) .","There are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the Kent County Water Authority ) ."
Have you set specific objectives or your employee publication ? ?,Have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ?
Curt moved in and picked op his gun .,Curt moved in and picked up his gun .
The situation involved some political perilr .,The situation involved some political perils .
This is the year home runs ranged from thre sublime to te ridiculous .,This is the year home runs ranged from the sublime to the ridiculous .
"Applying the techniques develope at Harvard for generating a paradigy from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dctionary at once .","Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once ."
Ths recerding surely belongs in everyone's collectiogb .,This recording surely belongs in everyone's collection .
"Many hours of spring cleaning will be saved , however , if you remove the main drain grate when nou close the pool season in the fall .","Many hours of spring cleaning will be saved , however , if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall ."
The Indiats and Pakistanis are chafing under similar restrictions on the British market for similar reasons .,The Indians and Pakistanis are chafing under similar restrictions on the British market for similar reasons .
This bafflins lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaing the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence .,This baffling lack of distinct details recalls the secretary whose employer was leaving the office and told her what to answer if anyone called in his absence .
"Like every Southerner I can't escape the romantic tradition of brave defeats , forlon lost causes .","Like every Southerner I can't escape the romantic tradition of brave defeats , forlorn lost causes ."
"The race problem has tended to obscure othec , less emotional , issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive .","The race problem has tended to obscure other , less emotional , issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive ."
"The Medical Illustration Service is responsible foc the collection , publication , exhibition , and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces .","The Medical Illustration Service is responsible for the collection , publication , exhibition , and file of medical illustration material of medico-military importance to the Armed Forces ."
In he's hurting himself more than he's hurting you both himself and you have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contcast .,In he's hurting himself more than he's hurting you both himself and you have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contrast .
"Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the Stwates .","Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the States ."
"The division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an ach ; ;","The division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an arch ; ;"
"`` Soo as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves '' .","`` Soon as we send them on their way and make camp , let's you and me go for a walk down by the Snake -- all by ourselves '' ."
"The inside of their place was full of new furniture , five bucks down and  buck a week stuff , but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home .","The inside of their place was full of new furniture , five bucks down and a buck a week stuff , but all of it clean and full of the warmth of a home ."
"Article 5 , consultatiozn","Article 5 , consultation"
Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animls .,Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals .
"As for that other girl , let's just say that E never want to see her again .","As for that other girl , let's just say that I never want to see her again ."
( Would she have been able to had she known hat the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of Walter's marked bars ? ?,( Would she have been able to had she known that the blanket belonged to a young ballet dancer Nicolas had found his first night in one of Walter's marked bars ? ?
"The child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the grwth .","The child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth ."
"if he wanted to leave me something let it be a tringet , nothing else .","if he wanted to leave me something let it be a trinket , nothing else ."
"Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet ov her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong .","Her nose was higher of bridge , her complexion so pale as to be quite susceptible to sunburn , and the fish and vegetable diet of her forebears had given her teeth that were white and regular and strong ."
Sarah found the right key nd unlocked the door .,Sarah found the right key and unlocked the door .
Presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a droo of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill .,Presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the lubrication holes in the quill .
"The Congo , ir whose cause he died , was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs .","The Congo , in whose cause he died , was the scene of one of his greatest triumphs ."
"Pesident Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' .","President Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said , `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' ."
"Again it was usd as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in .","Again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in ."
The clock which had strck presented an innocent face .,The clock which had struck presented an innocent face .
"The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another .","The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another ."
"These specielists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children .","These specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children ."
Ryan inisted .,Ryan insisted .
"`` After your child's baby teeth are all in -- usually at the ae of two and one half to three -- t's time for that first dental appointment '' , Dr. Brodie advises .","`` After your child's baby teeth are all in -- usually at the age of two and one half to three -- it's time for that first dental appointment '' , Dr. Brodie advises ."
"First of all , it is now known that Pope John sees the renewal and purification of the Church as an absolutely necessary step toward Christian unty .","First of all , it is now known that Pope John sees the renewal and purification of the Church as an absolutely necessary step toward Christian unity ."
"My spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sdounded as loud as a bell .","My spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sounded as loud as a bell ."
"It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the liff '' .","It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff '' ."
The war t subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts .,The war to subdue them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts .
"That bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund , Fundametal Investors , Diversified Investment Fund and Television-Electronics Fund .","That bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund , Fundamental Investors , Diversified Investment Fund and Television-Electronics Fund ."
The uwords were hollo .,The words were hollow .
"So it is with Great Expectations , whether the hands be Orlick's as he strikes down Mrs. Gargery or Pip's as he steals a pie from herc pntry .","So it is with Great Expectations , whether the hands be Orlick's as he strikes down Mrs. Gargery or Pip's as he steals a pie from her pantry ."
Linguistic charting of the trkanscribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs frm expected norms .,Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms .
"An esay on `` Freedom '' written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence , the freedom given to slaves in Canada , and the views of George Washington .","An essay on `` Freedom '' written at 10 years of age quoted the Declaration of Independence , the freedom given to slaves in Canada , and the views of George Washington ."
Slowly she turned to face the me again .,Slowly she turned to face the men again .
"The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers , drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the sore .","The seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers , drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore ."
suffocating ar sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; ;,suffocating air sapped their strength and strained their nerves to snapping ; ;
"On Feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of `` all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo , including the use of force , if necessary , in the last resogrt '' .","On Feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of `` all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the Congo , including the use of force , if necessary , in the last resort '' ."
"Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depert , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out .","Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out ."
For a few minutes there es nothing to hear .,For a few minutes there was nothing to hear .
"Dhe air was full of sounds too but placid ones , a terrestrial humming as much out of the earth as out of the blue sky .","The air was full of sounds too but placid ones , a terrestrial humming as much out of the earth as out of the blue sky ."
`` Run 'em right rinto th spring ! !,`` Run 'em right into the spring ! !
"Usually , they titter loudly after they havze passed by .","Usually , they titter loudly after they have passed by ."
uThe telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall .,The telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall .
"New Nations , anxd others struggling with the problems of development , will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it .","New Nations , and others struggling with the problems of development , will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it ."
"Jokes , cartoons add cynics to the contrary , mothers-in-law make good friends .","Jokes , cartoons and cynics to the contrary , mothers-in-law make good friends ."
"We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the nack .","We walked up Main Street to this big white house , then around to the back ."
Most marketing people agree it is going te take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements .,Most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements .
"But for my presence , they would have been at each othars' throats .","But for my presence , they would have been at each others' throats ."
"-- Blueprints for doubling thi CDC's present 55,000 enrollment .","-- Blueprints for doubling the CDC's present 55,000 enrollment ."
"Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes , setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so tohat it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol .","Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes , setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol ."
Or that's what it looed like at the time .,Or that's what it looked like at the time .
"No , originlly he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such .","No , originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such ."
`` Nat yet .,`` Not yet .
but involvement needs to de accompanied by a special frame of mind .,but involvement needs to be accompanied by a special frame of mind .
"Obviously , Susgan was not .","Obviously , Susan was not ."
I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jeqw .,I wish to make Jesus an authentic Jew .
"The pre-1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's bas allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that State's `` adjusted Federal Share '' .","The pre-1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State's base allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that State's `` adjusted Federal Share '' ."
He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center ow the camp .,He brushed past the clergyman and walked into the center of the camp .
vHe coulf see the stone buildning where he lived .,He could see the stone building where he lived .
"In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch , or Pope , of the Orthodox Church continued to live there , and still does - and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire .","In 1453 when the last vestige of ancient Roman power fell to the Turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the Patriarch , or Pope , of the Orthodox Church continued to live there , and still does -- and became the capital of the Ottoman Empire ."
"The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indiens , in order to drive back the Carolina traders , was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724 .","The insistence of Bienville upon giving liberal prices to the Indians , in order to drive back the Carolina traders , was probably a factor that led to his recall in 1724 ."
"Meanwhile , the edemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can .","Meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can ."
"`` For instance , regarding the face that the Gross Cmmittee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation .","`` For instance , regarding the fact that the Gross Committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation ."
But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitemenw later '' .,But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later '' .
"Since civilizational change is the mosgt difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention .","Since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention ."
"He bought up Cezannes , Braques , Matisses , Legers , a splendid Picasso series , more than 70 Siacometti sculptures .","He bought up Cezannes , Braques , Matisses , Legers , a splendid Picasso series , more than 70 Giacometti sculptures ."
"He pulled it over , climbed up , and lifted out the big volume , avlmost losing his balance from the weight of it .","He pulled it over , climbed up , and lifted out the big volume , almost losing his balance from the weight of it ."
"`` Ladies and gentlemen , in place of my regular closing number tonight , I'd like to sing something of a different nature fr you .","`` Ladies and gentlemen , in place of my regular closing number tonight , I'd like to sing something of a different nature for you ."
By the age of sax young Johnny indicated that he had the call .,By the age of six young Johnny indicated that he had the call .
"For Athabascan , wit a greater range of stems , the first two of five corresponding columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; ;","For Athabascan , with a greater range of stems , the first two of five corresponding columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; ;"
All we wanted to do was to stand very quieetly an look and look and look .,All we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look .
The pipes burst and they all laugheg and stood in ace water to theer ankles while dhey swabbed the bathrooms .,The pipes burst and they all laughed and stood in ice water to their ankles while they swabbed the bathrooms .
Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' .,Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' .
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starte .,It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter .
"A small Indian dived at Montero , who caught him with a swifrt upward stroke of his rifle butt .","A small Indian dived at Montero , who caught him with a swift upward stroke of his rifle butt ."
"This would , naturally , lengthen their courses far beyodd the largely esthetic demands of interior designer's training .","This would , naturally , lengthen their courses far beyond the largely esthetic demands of interior designer's training ."
My argument it that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of Carausius .,My argument is that there was no Saxon Shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of Carausius .
The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle far cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate .,The existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for cost-of-living and productivity-share increases as distinct from a cost-raising increase in the basic wage rate .
"All the rest of the days in the White House would be shadowed by the tragic loss , even though the President tried hardesr than ever to make his little ry jokes and to tease the peoplek around him .","All the rest of the days in the White House would be shadowed by the tragic loss , even though the President tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him ."
She did nt call out .,She did not call out .
"almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed som desire to take the whole thing over again .","almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again ."
'',''
They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help hem '' .,They're up there in that freezing climate and all of us have to try and help them '' .
"If she'd kept on as ahe'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow","If she'd kept on as she'd been going , the story I'd told Gladdy would probably have been true by now , anyhow"
The pagodas we have passed are much larger tan the houses '' .,The pagodas we have passed are much larger than the houses '' .
"`` It's a helluva thing '' , Mike said , looking at Phil , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out tand help him in a fight '' .","`` It's a helluva thing '' , Mike said , looking at Phil , `` when a guy's own team-mate won't come out and help him in a fight '' ."
"In Frankfurt , too , he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which , in addition to the standard repertoire , featured novelties ike Erdmann's Piano Concerto and Mahler's Sixth Symphony .","In Frankfurt , too , he directed the Museum and Opera House concerts which , in addition to the standard repertoire , featured novelties like Erdmann's Piano Concerto and Mahler's Sixth Symphony ."
"But Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence , the cultural povecty of the frontier settlements , and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions .","But Thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence , the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements , and the slack morality which abounded in the new regions ."
`` He's having some kind af a fit '' .,`` He's having some kind of a fit '' .
Why didn't thet olarm me then ? ?,Why didn't that alarm me then ? ?
"`` Forgot to get something out of the car '' , I told him , shewing him my tecket .","`` Forgot to get something out of the car '' , I told him , showing him my ticket ."
In this country there'c a war on every time the grass turns green .,In this country there's a war on every time the grass turns green .
"He waited at the car side for a moment , looking down at her xpectantly .","He waited at the car side for a moment , looking down at her expectantly ."
"nd to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greeter realism .","And to an industry that prides itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism ."
"The chief , annoyed by these questions , knocks Voltaire down and shout at him that he not only never went to any school , but never even learned how to read .","The chief , annoyed by these questions , knocks Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school , but never even learned how to read ."
Can part-time drivers be assiged to other productive work ? ?,Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? ?
"Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressare .","Note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure ."
.,.
"It would not have occurred to hec that it was curious for a female to sing bass , baritone , tenor , alto , mezzo , soprano and coloratura as she pleased .","It would not have occurred to her that it was curious for a female to sing bass , baritone , tenor , alto , mezzo , soprano and coloratura as she pleased ."
"Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years , Sir Anthony observed : `` This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality ofq the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' .","Citing the advances of Communist power in recent years , Sir Anthony observed : `` This very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' ."
"Srenior Elactcital Enginee ,","Senior Electrical Engineer ,"
and `` Dancers of Beli '' on March 8 .,and `` Dancers of Bali '' on March 8 .
"Morever , her central figres are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills .","Moreover , her central figures are so busily fulfilling their multitudinous assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills ."
) Hete again Mr. Justice Frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation .,) Here again Mr. Justice Frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation .
"If you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir , legatee , or devisee , you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion , if not deductibl by the estate or trust .","If you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir , legatee , or devisee , you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion , if not deductible by the estate or trust ."
`` You get your unconditional release as f ctoday '' .,`` You get your unconditional release as of today '' .
"The highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to thes churchyard belongs to death .","The highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to the churchyard belongs to death ."
"Many a student was abe to remain at Spelman , only because of her unobtrusive help .","Many a student was able to remain at Spelman , only because of her unobtrusive help ."
But hs own work was evolving further .,But his own work was evolving further .
Dissenting vuews of senators,Dissenting views of senators
`` What do you and Mickey tolk about at home '' ? ?,`` What do you and Mickey talk about at home '' ? ?
"You couldn't on the one hend decry the arts and atv the same time pratice them , could you ? ?","You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ?"
New Yorkers wre kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers .,New Yorkers were kept informed of scores by reporters who telegraphed fifteen to twenty thousand words daily to the metropolitan newspapers .
She would one day be grateful to the patiet drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction .,She would one day be grateful to the patient drone of the sub-conscious-level instruction .
She was almost sick when Bobbie came home witg the news that Poor John had won the job .,She was almost sick when Bobbie came home with the news that Poor John had won the job .
During intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perpectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition .,During intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition .
alfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down .,Halfway up the staircase she stopped and sat down .
"But when this proppsal was made to his Deacon Boyard , he met unanimous opposition .","But when this proposal was made to his Deacon Board , he met unanimous opposition ."
"Turk Lown was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , hile Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss .","Turk Lown was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss ."
Last yea Susan also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster .,Last year Susan also placed 3rd in the Finals at Westminster .
Churdch finds news features are helpful,Church finds news features are helpful
"Emerson evaded the problem by shoving it aside , or rather by leaving it behind him : he walked ou o the Unitarian communion , so that it could lick the wound of his departure , preserve its self-respect and eventually accord him pious veneration .","Emerson evaded the problem by shoving it aside , or rather by leaving it behind him : he walked out of the Unitarian communion , so that it could lick the wound of his departure , preserve its self-respect and eventually accord him pious veneration ."
His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understabding .,His words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the Eisenhower Exchange Fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding .
"My mother wanted to call me Sylphide , but t sounded too affected '' .","My mother wanted to call me Sylphide , but it sounded too affected '' ."
Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts xtending northward to the sources of the Tenyessee River .,Mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the Tennessee River .
Too many have bogged docn in bickering .,Too many have bogged down in bickering .
"He drew back hiis arm to slash the gunbarrel acrss Jessh's face , but didn't finish the motion .","He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess's face , but didn't finish the motion ."
"Look , I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your nec .","Look , I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck ."
15 .,15 .
"Cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional '' since ,m he said , it would impair contracts .","Cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional '' since , he said , it would impair contracts ."
Oxytetracycline hydrochiloride ( Terramycin ) what it does :,Oxytetracycline hydrochloride ( Terramycin ) what it does :
"In other words , as studets go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation .","In other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` Bill of Rights '' orientation ."
"Commenting on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative dcision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description .","Commenting on the earlier stage , the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative decision-making ) noted that the term `` teacher-employee '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not inapt description ."
A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to ive him a break .,A few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break .
Defends big truck,Defends big trucks
Division three will be headed by the Marines fallowed by 12 states ; ;,Division three will be headed by the Marines followed by 12 states ; ;
"This , again , appries to Katanga .","This , again , applies to Katanga ."
"`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to stuty or work at the University without regard to race , color orl creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .","`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' ."
"More like tehis , maybe '' ? ?","More like this , maybe '' ? ?"
Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that hadz magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .,Electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .
"Her veil wa caught wo a crown , and she carried garqdenias and stephanotis .","Her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried gardenias and stephanotis ."
With the Discours de la methode and the Principia the things udndreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world .,With the Discours de la methode and the Principia the things undreamt of in Horatio's philosophy seem to pass from the world .
"In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side , and is a single-valued function consisting entirely op tangent points on the other side .","In the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side , and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side ."
"He nevar could keep still , even when he didn't move his feet .","He never could keep still , even when he didn't move his feet ."
"It is , obviously , a proper goal of research to mprove on this property .","It is , obviously , a proper goal of research to improve on this property ."
``m What are they doing here '' ? ?,`` What are they doing here '' ? ?
"the landlords make  tidy profit by raising the rent , chopping up the rooms , and all but dispensing with the upkeep ; ;","the landlords make a tidy profit by raising the rent , chopping up the rooms , and all but dispensing with the upkeep ; ;"
"Tessie , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had Alfred to ean on .","Tessie , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had Alfred to lean on ."
The Supreme Court decision in mid-1960 was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which im mined .,The Supreme Court decision in mid-1960 was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it mined .
"In other words , the anti-trust laws , designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Conday , Wednesday and Friday , become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday , Thursday anmd Saturday .","In other words , the anti-trust laws , designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday , Wednesday and Friday , become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday ."
"After the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in Novembec in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum , this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history .","After the Griffin-Byrd political troup has completed the circuit in November in the name of a Pre-Legislative Forum , this is going to be the most politically oriented Legislature in history ."
"As Matsuo climbet by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trnk , a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow .","As Matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk , a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow ."
"Thzese contemporary structures , beautifully adapted to a school in the country , are home to 60 children , ages eight to fourteen , grades four through eight .","These contemporary structures , beautifully adapted to a school in the country , are home to 60 children , ages eight to fourteen , grades four through eight ."
Charm Rodney ( Roney-The Charmer ) 2:37 ; ;,Charm Rodney ( Rodney-The Charmer ) 2:37 ; ;
"( Sanity , solvency and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we inadvertently becaye the neighborhood free-drink stop .","( Sanity , solvency and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we inadvertently became the neighborhood free-drink stop ."
"Mankind , as a result , attains previously undteamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol ofx science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities .","Mankind , as a result , attains previously undreamed of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the Overlords , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities ."
"Literaly , there as nathing else to do .","Literally , there was nothing else to do ."
"but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry , and she said , `` If it wasb't for these dear children '' -- .","but then Arlene got another tone in a hurry , and she said , `` If it wasn't for these dear children '' -- ."
We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregatios .,We today are not entitled to excoriate honest men who believed Parker to be downright pernicious and who barred their pulpits against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations .
"When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill , she came directly to my table ane said :","When she had drained the last of the bottle and paid her bill , she came directly to my table and said :"
ut what do you want to do about the lay-sisters ? ?,But what do you want to do about the lay-sisters ? ?
The present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation es discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs .,The present status of food preservation by ionizing radiation is discussed by food classes in the following paragraphs .
Its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide strtions near the epicenter for a tsunami .,Its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide stations near the epicenter for a tsunami .
"When she agrees , ou can rest assured her position will remain unchanged .","When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged ."
Hel was uly .,He was ugly .
"The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy tosward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem .","The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem ."
"When a cowhand said that a men had `` good cow sense '' , he meant to pay 'im a high compliment .","When a cowhand said that a man had `` good cow sense '' , he meant to pay 'im a high compliment ."
"Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells , for Sir Anthony Ashley dehscribed Best as `` a scrivener within Temple Bar , that deals in many matters for my L. Essex '' through Sir Gelly Merrick , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' .","Sturley's allusion probably explains why Greville took out the patent in the names of Best and Wells , for Sir Anthony Ashley described Best as `` a scrivener within Temple Bar , that deals in many matters for my L. Essex '' through Sir Gelly Merrick , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' ."
He met nobody he zknew on this walk .,He met nobody he knew on this walk .
At last Gabrie spoke .,At last Gabriel spoke .
And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the compacatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response .,And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response .
Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector rpace V over the field F .,Let T be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space V over the field F .
Well you can pose insida .,Well you can pose inside .
"The board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the Mayor's veta ; ;","The board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the Mayor's veto ; ;"
It is not surprising that the international obligatiors of states were also viewed in terms of contract .,It is not surprising that the international obligations of states were also viewed in terms of contract .
`` I'll teke you out to dinner .,`` I'll take you out to dinner .
Pre-shaped metal shelder,Pre-shaped metal shelter
"`` N '' ,  saad .","`` No '' , I said ."
He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ays : by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty ; ;,He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways : by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty ; ;
"Of the three volumes , Blenheim is easdily the best .","Of the three volumes , Blenheim is easily the best ."
"This is true for two reasons : because Communism is both doctrinally , and in practice , entithetical to these conditions ; ;","This is true for two reasons : because Communism is both doctrinally , and in practice , antithetical to these conditions ; ;"
He would hear the Cal an would run to tell Papa .,He would hear the Call and would run to tell Papa .
`` Rob's not goink to give up as easy as all that '' .,`` Rob's not going to give up as easy as all that '' .
"When he turns briefly to literary style , in te Third Book , he again looks to the effect on the audience .","When he turns briefly to literary style , in the Third Book , he again looks to the effect on the audience ."
Don't try to wrestle a 400-lb. tub Af through a narrow doorwey .,Don't try to wrestle a 400-lb. tub Af through a narrow doorway .
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured tpday when a bomb dore his car apart as he left home for work .,-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work .
"a Portago could say , as he did say to me , `` If I die tomorrokw , still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years ; ;","a Portago could say , as he did say to me , `` If I die tomorrow , still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years ; ;"
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made ac study covering -- ( 1 )","Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )"
"The anchor cable would have been lost overboard , but Philip Staffe was on hand to sever it wtth his axe .","The anchor cable would have been lost overboard , but Philip Staffe was on hand to sever it with his axe ."
"As in choosing a wife , it is only sensible to consider also how apealing  pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good .","As in choosing a wife , it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good ."
"Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortunef-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! !","Over $200,000,000 is paid yearly to the 80,000 full-time fortune-tellers in the United States by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! !"
"T. V. Barker , who developed the classification-angle system , was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he did in 1931 .","T. V. Barker , who developed the classification-angle system , was about to begin the systematic compilation of the index when he died in 1931 ."
Peanut and sesame oils often are used as carriers or diluents for medacines administered by injection .,Peanut and sesame oils often are used as carriers or diluents for medicines administered by injection .
"At the gate he slowed , looing aroud .","At the gate he slowed , looking around ."
Research :,Research :
The simple passage of an additional eleven monthss' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable .,The simple passage of an additional eleven months' time makes the second 3% boost more acceptable .
"the older child learns that intense emotional outbursts will not wtn approval by his peers , and , therefore , makes a real effort to control his emotions .","the older child learns that intense emotional outbursts will not win approval by his peers , and , therefore , makes a real effort to control his emotions ."
"The third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community nd focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence .","The third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence ."
"He had to study the recordings of the language of te chief nation of Ozagen , Siddo .","He had to study the recordings of the language of the chief nation of Ozagen , Siddo ."
thus it takes abut 16 Mse. to traverse 25 mm. of tissue .,thus it takes about 16 Msec. to traverse 25 mm. of tissue .
`` But the sun'll fry it out'n me ownct we git to rolling '' .,`` But the sun'll fry it out'n me onct we git to rolling '' .
"Another speaker , William H. Draper , Jr. , former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper , Gaither & Anderson , urged the U.S. to `` throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we won't be puched around any more '' .","Another speaker , William H. Draper , Jr. , former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper , Gaither & Anderson , urged the U.S. to `` throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we won't be pushed around any more '' ."
Experiments are in prokress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for sudying their sensitivity to metal ions .,Experiments are in progress to develop ultraviolet spectrophotometric techniques for assaying these enzymes and for studying their sensitivity to metal ions .
How hade he failed ? ?,How had he failed ? ?
"Soothing it wih his hand , knowing the whiskered gowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch .","Soothing it with his hand , knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch ."
Deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gros Income .,Deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable in determining your Adjusted Gross Income .
It has further been shown tht : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ;,It has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ;
`` No .,`` No .
By in vair condition,Boy in fair condition
Production specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production probrems .,Production specialists are available in SBA regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems .
"the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support if dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ;","the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ;"
that nowadays all honeymooners are toroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation .,that nowadays all honeymooners are thoroughly familiar with the best sex-manuals and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation .
"The evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Sovpiet Union , and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead .","The evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the United States is weaker than the Soviet Union , and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead ."
"When Farouk was overthrown , police picked up his personal pimp , Pulley Ney .","When Farouk was overthrown , police picked up his personal pimp , Pulley Bey ."
The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for thim .,The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them .
Believi me ! f!,Believe me ! !
There was something about his vace that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what .,There was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what .
"If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for olacement next fall .","If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall ."
( Bh ),( B )
"On the following pages and in the following issue we take you every step of the way to your vacatmion cottage , from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim .","On the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage , from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim ."
"Ac an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands .","As an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between Christians and non-Christians in these lands ."
By the tie I'd made it he ts gone .,By the time I'd made it he was gone .
"On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for orphats , and the third for relief for the war refugees .","On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for orphans , and the third for relief for the war refugees ."
"Mr. Khrushchev's demand for a troikba is dormant , not dead ; ;","Mr. Khrushchev's demand for a troika is dormant , not dead ; ;"
"If payment is by cash , you should ask for a reseipt .","If payment is by cash , you should ask for a receipt ."
Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepst desires .,Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires .
"If she could not ake the chldren out of this section , at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms .","If she could not take the children out of this section , at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms ."
Says NRLDA's James Wraght : `` Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment '' .,Says NRLDA's James Wright : `` Since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment '' .
Mr. Cliburn gave the slow movement some of the quarityq of a Chopin Nocturne .,Mr. Cliburn gave the slow movement some of the quality of a Chopin Nocturne .
"As I was saying , I've known all about te old records , including the old Norberg deed .","As I was saying , I've known all about the old records , including the old Norberg deed ."
A mathematical block diagcam for the leveling system is shown in Fig. 7-2 .,A mathematical block diagram for the leveling system is shown in Fig. 7-2 .
If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to th ranch e would be shot down instantly .,If he showed signs of collecting his rifle and going back with his deputy to the ranch he would be shot down instantly .
New rule no. 5 : :,New rule no. 5 : :
"The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty , when the Lo Shu seems to have beein at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School , which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen .","The Chinese world view during the Han dynasty , when the Lo Shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the Yin-Yang and Five-Elements School , which was traditionally founded by Tsou Yen ."
Terminiello v. Chicago involved a conviction for disorderly cyonduct under a local ordinance .,Terminiello v. Chicago involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance .
"Survivors are his widaw , Alice ; ;","Survivors are his widow , Alice ; ;"
He f: `` Come with me to the Casbah '' .,He : `` Come with me to the Casbah '' .
"You sure clembed fast , Jed .","You sure climbed fast , Jed ."
He hooked the next two out of bouncds on the opposite side .,He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side .
"Johnson Jones Hooper , whose charactar Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take crueql advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ;","Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; ;"
"The broadcast said Anderson , a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman , and McNair , uf Miami , were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels .","The broadcast said Anderson , a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman , and McNair , of Miami , were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels ."
"`` Poor Mr. Thynn , he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement '' .","`` Poor Mr. Thynne , he always has to be trotted out for my encouragement '' ."
"Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted .","Under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted ."
What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left foc town on Monday afternoons ? ?,What in the world were you going to do with a lot of dogs when you left for town on Monday afternoons ? ?
"In People vs. Fisher , Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declred :","In People vs. Fisher , Justice Savage of the New York Supreme Court declared :"
The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many yeas ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him .,The Gap looming before him -- the place where had confronted Jack English on that day so many years ago -- was his exit from all that had meaning to him .
"For the most part , his writing rambles and jogs , preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoghts .","For the most part , his writing rambles and jogs , preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts ."
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malfarmed teeth .,every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth .
Remove jr from mold .,Remove jar from mold .
They've been in Dallas since 1921 .,They've been in Dallas since 1921 .
Here I am face to face with the primeval stufff '' .,Here I am face to face with the primeval stuff '' .
"This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences ftom man .","This is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man ."
"To music of a menacing darkness , he describes the power of Satan gaining control of othe girl , poisoning her soul with pride and destroying her beauty .","To music of a menacing darkness , he describes the powers of Satan gaining control of the girl , poisoning her soul with pride and destroying her beauty ."
Congresswaman Church,Congresswoman Church
`` They'll trample it dow .,`` They'll trample it down .
They ace ? ?,They are ? ?
"There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it arond once and killed it , and Charlie opened his .","There was still a little , not much , left in the first bottle and we passed it around once and killed it , and Charlie opened his ."
"It was Mrs. Kirby , making her toilsome way along the veranda , aden with a clattery collection of mops , brushes , and pails .","It was Mrs. Kirby , making her toilsome way along the veranda , laden with a clattery collection of mops , brushes , and pails ."
lShe smiled lightly .,She smiled slightly .
"In the prepolymer system , te isocyanate and resil are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs .","In the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs ."
and philosophy as a guide to possible integration of supposedly disparata sociological investigations .,and philosophy as a guide to possible integration of supposedly disparate sociological investigations .
"Reaching across the side of the stall t, he slapped the buckskin on the rump .","Reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the rump ."
"Having opened the windows onto the terrace , lit the fire , translated the motto , Meredith grinned and took down a little tiplet of books bound together in old calfskin .","Having opened the windows onto the terrace , lit the fire , translated the motto , Meredith grinned and took down a little triplet of books bound together in old calfskin ."
"If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are pto kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ?","If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ?"
Almost no empirical work has been done on the pronlem of alienation .,Almost no empirical work has been done on the problem of alienation .
`` Bt what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ?,`` But what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ?
Examination of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples wit 24-hr. operations .,Examination of the operations of the shopping center permitted correlation of the 6-hr. composite samples with 24-hr. operations .
The lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist trek .,The lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist track .
The scene before you is indeed theatrqical and often appears in moves aboul Rome .,The scene before you is indeed theatrical and often appears in movies about Rome .
From his ssoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a Luger .,From his shoulder bag peeked the seven-inch barrel of a Luger .
Aniseikonici ilousion,Aniseikonic illusion
`` Why did you kill it '' ?n ?,`` Why did you kill it '' ? ?
Press clay into cavity pf one mold three times ; ;,Press clay into cavity of one mold three times ; ;
Bingles and bobblesg :,Bingles and bobbles :
"That day they loefed around , just getting the feel of the city .","That day they loafed around , just getting the feel of the city ."
It would be hard to find anything more equivocal han : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' .,It would be hard to find anything more equivocal than : `` I cannot recommend him too highly '' .
but for this discussion the most imprtant division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't .,but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been reconstructed and those who haven't .
"To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of sesection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows .","To the members of our Advisory Board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the Foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of Fellows ."
"His face took on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathig .","His face took on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing ."
"Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and srengthen the ego and superego .","Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego ."
-- Defense Secretry Robert S. McNamara has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars .,-- Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara has asked Congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars .
"When I asked , `` Why didn't ylou go into the living room to see how Mrs. Buck was '' ? ?","When I asked , `` Why didn't you go into the living room to see how Mrs. Buck was '' ? ?"
"Dr. George W. Crane , a medical columist , thinks it would .","Dr. George W. Crane , a medical columnist , thinks it would ."
He asked .,He asked .
"Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availablities , and location advantages .","Our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such specifics as 100% financing , plant availabilities , and location advantages ."
Hqe got a science scholarship to Yale '' .,He got a science scholarship to Yale '' .
"class 1c , -- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv./m. 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference .","class 1 , -- B stations are protected at night to their 0.5-mv./m. 50-percent time skywave contours against cochannel interference ."
a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a vetive Mass offered for Christian nity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octafe .,a report that 200 Protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive Mass offered for Christian unity at a Catholic church in Slough during the Church Unity Octave .
He shirugged noncommittally .,He shrugged noncommittally .
This is the point on which so tany peopl have wratten of the aircraft in favor of the missile .,This is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile .
`` Not exactly s.,`` Not exactly .
"But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , then an Aabic schoar , Tabit Ibn Korra ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three .","But , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century A.D. , when an Arabic scholar , Tabit Ibn Korra ( 836-901 ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three ."
The reat Train Robbery is a one-reel film .,The Great Train Robbery is a one-reel film .
These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that thre were people who reacted differently than they had .,These suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had .
"The revolution was well under way bfore 700 B.C. , and premonitory signs go back virtually across the century .","The revolution was well under way before 700 B.C. , and premonitory signs go back virtually across the century ."
"Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by svery nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge .","Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge ."
Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dagerous .,Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous .
This type of borrowing ycan be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year .,This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year .
Thanks anyhow '' .,Thanks anyhow '' .
The thin man waved the gun agait .,The thin man waved the gun again .
This breaks hi heart .,This breaks his heart .
"His picures generalize , thouh they are inspired by a particular locale ; ;","His pictures generalize , though they are inspired by a particular locale ; ;"
"Because I liked this sad person so mch , I said , `` Will you have a drink with me '' ? ?","Because I liked this sad person so much , I said , `` Will you have a drink with me '' ? ?"
"This theory has been put so clearly and preciely that it deserves criticism of the same kind , and this I will do my best to supply .","This theory has been put so clearly and precisely that it deserves criticism of the same kind , and this I will do my best to supply ."
"There's bound to be someone on guard , but the hat might fool them long eough for me to get close '' .","There's bound to be someone on guard , but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close '' ."
"I mean , we all figured -- T guess anydody'd figurs -- Angie '' -","I mean , we all figured -- I guess anybody'd figure -- Angie '' --"
Mrs. Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the commettee for the gala .,Mrs. Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the committee for the gala .
"The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to initiate Arex further into these undertakings .","The doctor paid the bill and they repaired to the hotel , room number nine , to initiate Alex further into these undertakings ."
"Slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay , bu too muh agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold .","Slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay , but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold ."
"A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for chilren an article entitled `` The True Story of Guy Fawkes '' , which began :","A Birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled `` The True Story of Guy Fawkes '' , which began :"
"Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and weited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence .","Cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence ."
"Tests 2 n, 3 , , , and 4 .","Tests 2 , 3 , , , and 4 ."
"The writer took a class of college students to the state hospitl for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri .","The writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in St. Joseph , Missouri ."
The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities `` to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of Eas Gecmany '' .,The British and other replies to that Moscow note pointed out efforts of the Communist authorities `` to integrate East Berlin into East Germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of East Germany '' .
"2 ) As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others , it searches its heritage in hopes of justifing its aggressiveness .","2 ) As a country superimposes its cultural and political attitudes on others , it searches its heritage in hopes of justifying its aggressiveness ."
`` Oe's a friend .,`` He's a friend .
The desire and ability to read are impotant aspects of our cultural life .,The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life .
"There were two horses in the babrn , a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouch's buckskin .","There were two horses in the barn , a sway-backed dun and Jess Crouch's buckskin ."
"According to The Chicago Tribune News Service , State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organizatiom seeking his money and his name : 1 .","According to The Chicago Tribune News Service , State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name : 1 ."
Nor need the critac be captious .,Nor need the critic be captious .
"I am really ill at the present moment , and I will go to come sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself '' .","I am really ill at the present moment , and I will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself '' ."
`` Be sue the man nearest you is awaka .,`` Be sure the man nearest you is awake .
Does this suggest that the Congoo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it ? ?,Does this suggest that the Congo is fit for nationhood or that UN is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it ? ?
The Holy Sacrifece of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months .,The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months .
"But it must be rerdily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at least on the Catholic side .","But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at least on the Catholic side ."
"She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying e large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display .","She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display ."
I drove im away .,I drove him away .
"`` I can tll you this much '' , he said .","`` I can tell you this much '' , he said ."
He doea not .,He does not .
Applying these figures to tze formula we get the equation : Af .,Applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : Af .
Not in Eichmann's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the ootential warning of the Trial .,Not in Eichmann's anti-Semitism but in the anti-Semitism of the sober German man of affairs lay the potential warning of the Trial .
"However , this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lunk .","However , this artery is known to be a nutrient vessel with a distribution primarily to the proximal airways and supportive tissues of the lung ."
This gentleman is a police fficer .,This gentleman is a police officer .
Sam Rayburn has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heet of conflicting ambitions .,Sam Rayburn has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions .
"The Philippi bridge , however , was the Chenoweth master piece , with its 139-foot , dual lane , span -- and it stands today as a monumant to its builders .","The Philippi bridge , however , was the Chenoweth master piece , with its 139-foot , dual lane , span -- and it stands today as a monument to its builders ."
"She came down against him , and he tried to break he fall .","She came down against him , and he tried to break her fall ."
"Mr. Felix Mirand , of the Imperial Knife Co. ; ;","Mr. Felix Miranda , of the Imperial Knife Co. ; ;"
He said he returned from the visit to his niece on tee 11:20 streetcar .,He said he returned from the visit to his niece on the 11:20 streetcar .
The ' when ' you knaw ; ;,The ' when ' you know ; ;
Almost immediately they began t sizzle .,Almost immediately they began to sizzle .
"Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence , the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to Massachusetts an asked that colony to expel the newcomers .","Upon intelligence that the formidable agitator was to favor them with his presence , the benighted inhabitants of Pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to Massachusetts and asked that colony to expel the newcomers ."
"It has moved on various levels , it has bween clamorous and confused .","It has moved on various levels , it has been clamorous and confused ."
A difference between subspecies hmight explain the great range in size .,A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size .
Or the frequent need eo check and discipline imself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period .,Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period .
The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his lettersa .,The superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of William James was never more evident than in his letters .
Sgay three minutes to make it sporting .,Say three minutes to make it sporting .
"Her father's attention would be on the road ahead and is woldn't deviate an inch until he crossed the bradge at the Falls and took the River jRoad to LaSalle and , finally , turned in at their own driveway at 387 Heather Heights .","Her father's attention would be on the road ahead and it wouldn't deviate an inch until he crossed the bridge at the Falls and took the River Road to LaSalle and , finally , turned in at their own driveway at 387 Heather Heights ."
"Accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice , especially in state-supported universities where presure may be strong to uphold the majority view .","Accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice , especially in state-supported universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view ."
The effectiveness of the governor in crearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote .,The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote .
I's big business,It's big business
"Mrs. Alice H. Reese , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , wac awaded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel .","Mrs. Alice H. Reese , wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel ."
"It is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociorogy , since the former is a lgical , rational discipline , where sociology is essentially descripicve and empirical .","It is absurd to speak of philosophy as a superior enterprise to sociology , since the former is a logical , rational discipline , where sociology is essentially descriptive and empirical ."
"It was also subtly familiar , for it wa the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed .","It was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed ."
"-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , pag 29 .","-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 ."
The reasons for this dive seemed foolash now .,The reasons for this dive seemed foolish now .
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could colect the money for buying his machine .,He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine .
Families with cildren will ave partiularj problems .,Families with children will have particular problems .
"Elios P. Anderlini , Attilio Beronio , Leo M. Bianco , Frederic Campagnoli , Joseph Cervetto , Armond J. De Martini , Grace Duhagon , John P. Figone , John P. Figone Jr.u , Stephen Mana , John Moscone , Calude Perasso , Angelo Petrini , Frank Ratto , and George R. Reilly .","Elios P. Anderlini , Attilio Beronio , Leo M. Bianco , Frederic Campagnoli , Joseph Cervetto , Armond J. De Martini , Grace Duhagon , John P. Figone , John P. Figone Jr. , Stephen Mana , John Moscone , Calude Perasso , Angelo Petrini , Frank Ratto , and George R. Reilly ."
Shu-tt up-pp ! !,Shu-tt up-pp ! !
"Even though this is myi rock , you can use it sometimes .","Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes ."
"Mokst of the female faces are new , or at least not too familier .","Most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar ."
The selection had been expecte .,The selection had been expected .
"On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directioally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations .","On the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- B stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate directionally and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations ."
In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inlatd Sea ; ;,In 1707 an earthquake in Japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the Inland Sea ; ;
"`` You just wait , Dad .","`` You just wait , Dad ."
He hadn't .,He hadn't .
"She stood for a moment , rain dripping from the rees over her head , thinking of Maude .","She stood for a moment , rain dripping from the trees over her head , thinking of Maude ."
"if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation cotinues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest .","if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest ."
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of thse U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states .,It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states .
"Volume 1 , containing Parts 1 and 2 was punlished in 1951 ; ;","Volume 1 , containing Parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ;"
Too hgh .,Too high .
"At this point a workitg definition of idea is in order , although our first definition will have to be qualiied somewhat as we proceed .","At this point a working definition of idea is in order , although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed ."
She kicked the locker slid shut and replaced the cushion .,She kicked the locker lid shut and replaced the cushion .
The notch shuld have a smooth finish so that tha steel dog will slide easily over it .,The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it .
"He had a war reputation , but this was the kild of man women like even without medals .","He had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals ."
"I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , ow '' ? ?","I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ?"
Private George Gray Hunmer of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' .,Private George Gray Hunter of Pennsylvania wrote : `` I am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' .
"Over these voluntayry agencies , in 1917-18 , the CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out chat Surfey called `` the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times '' .","Over these voluntary agencies , in 1917-18 , the CTCA served as a co-ordinating body in carrying out what Survey called `` the most stupendous piece of social work in modern times '' ."
"The Government submitted its proposed decree on Octobet 25 , 1957 .","The Government submitted its proposed decree on October 25 , 1957 ."
"`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grcandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of selmf-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .","`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all ."
"Both were scholastic starc in football , basketball , and baseball ( Mantle in Commerce , Okla. , Maris in Fargo , N.D. ) ; ;","Both were scholastic stars in football , basketball , and baseball ( Mantle in Commerce , Okla. , Maris in Fargo , N.D. ) ; ;"
and it was filled then as now by quarreling tries with no political or historical unity .,and it was filled then as now by quarreling tribes with no political or historical unity .
`` Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal '' ? ?,`` Is it anything like cooked-over oatmeal '' ? ?
`` I didn't think it was nacessary '' .,`` I didn't think it was necessary '' .
"Moreover , if the critic instrcts his audience in what to se in a work , he is contrjibuting to this pseudo-thinking ; ;","Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo-thinking ; ;"
and myself .,and myself .
"Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier , but one rather fels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended , ominous life in them .","Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier , but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended , ominous life in them ."
"Hitler did just that 23 years ago , buelding up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war .","Hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a Munich and then to a world war ."
Now the fac was his own .,Now the face was his own .
"He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate , finally , the forces of authoritarianism , pre-Trujillo and pro-Castro alike .","He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate , finally , the forces of authoritarianism , pro-Trujillo and pro-Castro alike ."
Si,Six
.,.
"You get a good , loyal husband -- smack !y !","You get a good , loyal husband -- smack ! !"
"Puzzled , Lucy stared at the nlowered wallpaper ; ;","Puzzled , Lucy stared at the flowered wallpaper ; ;"
"It is a killer usub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs .","It is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy subs ."
"If communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairveyant symbolism .","If communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism ."
.,.
"Anxious to avoid a similar debacle in the motor car industry , Hanch went to Detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading A.L.A.M. members for an induztry-wide patent-sharing pla .","Anxious to avoid a similar debacle in the motor car industry , Hanch went to Detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading A.L.A.M. members for an industry-wide patent-sharing plan ."
A row of mailboxes along the wall had numibers and names on them .,A row of mailboxes along the wall had numbers and names on them .
"As one development followed anther , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture .","As one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture ."
"Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for vthe Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should cantinue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' .","Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' ."
"Moscow Novosti article in Russian , datelinsd London :","Moscow Novosti article in Russian , datelined London :"
In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with tue appropriate serial number of the respondent .,In order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .
"A gaggle of gabbling mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguird .","A gaggle of gabbling mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguard ."
"Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves fhave sown '' .","Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' ."
"At the rate of need indicatd in the early weeks of the month , this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000 .","At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month , this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000 ."
How soon you my go outdookrs ; ;,How soon you may go outdoors ; ;
Anne picked up the towel she was hemmihng for the hospital guild .,Anne picked up the towel she was hemming for the hospital guild .
"Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournamenit , Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington .","Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament , Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington ."
But these sources have not been taspped .,But these sources have not been tapped .
"The questions women asked at baseball games were standard grist for amateur comedy , as were the doings of women automabile drivers ; ;","The questions women asked at baseball games were standard grist for amateur comedy , as were the doings of women automobile drivers ; ;"
"In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no paintiff has come forth .","In thousands of school districts , indeed , in the entire State of Mississippi , no plaintiff has come forth ."
He strained to hear k.,He strained to hear .
`` Ws'll ride out as soon as we've had chack '' .,`` We'll ride out as soon as we've had chuck '' .
Some extremists went so fasr as to urge our using it first .,Some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first .
Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elementsi .,Research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements .
"From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stapefying .","From what I was able to gauge in a swift , greedy glance , the figure inside the coral-colored boucle dress was stupefying ."
"Ramsey has stoked up Harry Truman , Henry Cabot Lodge , the King of Morocco , Clement Atlee and oter shiny characters .","Ramsey has stoked up Harry Truman , Henry Cabot Lodge , the King of Morocco , Clement Atlee and other shiny characters ."
"To maty of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom .","To many of us , this is a land to which we or our parents fled from totalitarian terror in order to live in dignified freedom ."
If an attack finds yu without a preoared shelter,If an attack finds you without a prepared shelter
"The force required to accomplish remoal ish plotted , by means of an electronic recorder , against distance of removal .","The force required to accomplish removal is plotted , by means of an electronic recorder , against distance of removal ."
Warren handed him the metal box and Prevo quietly disappeared down the line .,Warren handed him the metal box and Prevot quietly disappeared down the line .
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well se could dance .,She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance .
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the assuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. Marvin Griffin .,Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. Marvin Griffin .
The apofstolic community was literally an elite : chosen by Christ himself .,The apostolic community was literally an elite : chosen by Christ himself .
The ocumenical congregation,The ecumenical congregation
"Fortunately , the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered , or we wourd all have to go sleep in the open fialds .","Fortunately , the embarrassing questions raised by objects do not need to be answered , or we would all have to go sleep in the open fields ."
excess tension will only cause undue weer on the motor and spindle bearings .,excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings .
Start on the Via T. Teatro Di Marcello at the foot of the apitoline Hill .,Start on the Via D. Teatro Di Marcello at the foot of the Capitoline Hill .
"Spike-haired , burly , red-faced , decked with horn-rimmed glasses and an Ify League suit , Jack Hamrick awaited William at the officers' club .","Spike-haired , burly , red-faced , decked with horn-rimmed glasses and an Ivy League suit , Jack Hamrick awaited William at the officers' club ."
"`` Now stay with me , Kitty '' , h snapped irritably .","`` Now stay with me , Kitty '' , he snapped irritably ."
`` I don't believe I'll play ani more neither '' .,`` I don't believe I'll play any more neither '' .
Ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses i at whe highest .,Ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest .
"The funeral service was in the house , the Methodist minister , how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a swranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed .","The funeral service was in the house , the Methodist minister , how clean and glistening his eyeglasses and his neat body standing beside that coffin with that doll inside , a stranger speaking to strangers the old sacred words , and the rain drumming incessantly in accompaniment , seven days of relentless rain that turned the ground to mud so the burial had to be postponed ."
Thep aryless wridig was inp keeping with hia mood op savaget disconenth .,The careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent .
"To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- ang still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes .","To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes ."
"The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples wfo have as their motto `` Go Somewhere , Anywhere , Everywhere '' .","The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto `` Go Somewhere , Anywhere , Everywhere '' ."
"The Dartmouth Skiway , at Holt's Ledpge , ten miles north of the campus , has one of the best terrains in the East , ranging from novice to expert .","The Dartmouth Skiway , at Holt's Ledge , ten miles north of the campus , has one of the best terrains in the East , ranging from novice to expert ."
"In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these coutries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance .","In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance ."
Chief Bob Moore sooked his same hick-self ; ;,Chief Bob Moore looked his same hick-self ; ;
"In the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation , the Crimean War , the American Civil War , and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise sao immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long .","In the story of Bright and the Corn Law agitation , the Crimean War , the American Civil War , and the franchise struggle Trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long ."
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. Rnobert L. Chase and Mr. and Mrs. Guy Mullenax of Kittredge .,Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Chase and Mr. and Mrs. Guy Mullenax of Kittredge .
"He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himelf off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed .","He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed ."
"A Massachuseets soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks .","A Massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a Civil War version of Bill Mauldin , wrote : `` the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks ."
"Search as he miht , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus .","Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus ."
Garth's glance began to falicker to his watch .,Garth's glance began to flicker to his watch .
"I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground th snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick .","I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick ."
"In fat , some sensitives rule this out , preferring to consider their expression as strictly extra-sensory perception ( ESP ) , on this side of the `` veil '' .","In fact , some sensitives rule this out , preferring to consider their expression as strictly extra-sensory perception ( ESP ) , on this side of the `` veil '' ."
"For example , in Bura and Ceylon many Buddhists argue that Buddhism ought too be the official state relgion .","For example , in Burma and Ceylon many Buddhists argue that Buddhism ought to be the official state religion ."
"For example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people als heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences .","For example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) asocial behavior by attributing it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences ."
"You can work on this one while U'm gone , kill it if you want '' .","You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' ."
Greasy soils are hardly removed by cashing in plain water ; ;,Greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water ; ;
"From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they hae had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open .","From the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since Ben Hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the Texas open ."
It wes a relief to get rid of he weight .,It was a relief to get rid of the weight .
"DA , DC , DTF , and DLINE requirek more than one entry .","DA , DC , DTF , and DLINE require more than one entry ."
"Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Eug. 31 , 1958 .","Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31 , 1958 ."
"This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that ehyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems .","This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems ."
Bu at the same time how understandable .,But at the same time how understandable .
"The basic mapping phase of the progrem has been competed and the inventory phase is scheduled for cmpletion Juy 1 , 1961 .","The basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion July 1 , 1961 ."
What has it alo come to ? ?,What has it all come to ? ?
"He shouted , and was aghast at the echoe .","He shouted , and was aghast at the echoes ."
We critve this Af .,We write this Af .
"The inmates were white and fro out of town , avoiding local friction .","The inmates were white and from out of town , avoiding local friction ."
Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediaely .,Experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter apathy to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately .
and for this human beings must be fitrmly in control of the economics ov which our society rests .,and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests .
And it is certainly n slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact .,And it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact .
"In type 3 , this generalp relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 .","In type 3 , this general relationship is maintained peripherally but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 ."
"When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no vicible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .","When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides ."
`` It has to be aasier with two of them .,`` It has to be easier with two of them .
One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place sinhce the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambrdge Universities .,One of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of Catholics at Oxford and Cambridge Universities .
"Recommendations of iternational authorities , such as the International Union of Crystallography , are followed .","Recommendations of international authorities , such as the International Union of Crystallography , are followed ."
Now you go outside and beckon me when ie's safe '' .,Now you go outside and beckon me when it's safe '' .
This explaina some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy .,This explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy .
They must continue to satisfi basic capital needs ; ;,They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs ; ;
"The way in which it transprts its pollen is not so perfect , either .","The way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect , either ."
"when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` You have already takn Normandy .","when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` You have already taken Normandy ."
There ae of course many Souths ; ;,There are of course many Souths ; ;
"Nassau is currehntly building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 .","Nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its Hempstead headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 ."
"Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' th signal .","Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal ."
Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for fozrmation of crystallites .,Only uninterrupted sequences of the former are eligible for formation of crystallites .
"He could not make out , but he knew that again she was scratching her vose .","He could not make out , but he knew that again she was scratching her nose ."
"`` Committeemen , hold your vire ! !","`` Committeemen , hold your fire ! !"
"Hogan reappeared , stoppe on the hotel porch , lifted a hand in signal .","Hogan reappeared , stopped on the hotel porch , lifted a hand in signal ."
"Also fine are Sue Lawless , as a mother more protective and belligewrent than a female spider and just as destructive , Harold Cherry , as her scratchy spouse , and Hildy Weissman , as a vegetable in human form .","Also fine are Sue Lawless , as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female spider and just as destructive , Harold Cherry , as her scratchy spouse , and Hildy Weissman , as a vegetable in human form ."
And let it do its own lawmaking eand not leave that to federal judges .,And let it do its own lawmaking and not leave that to federal judges .
"Otherz services will show different rates of return , some probably much lower and some higher .","Other services will show different rates of return , some probably much lower and some higher ."
There is no use tryging to `` Explain '' to a 2-yeer-old .,There is no use trying to `` Explain '' to a 2-year-old .
"Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmos would have made a magnificent criminal .","Another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by Watson when he observes on several occasions that Holmes would have made a magnificent criminal ."
"Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay , his thesis is so rstricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has .","Important as was Mr. O'Donnell's essay , his thesis is so restricting as to deny Faulkner the stature which he obviously has ."
As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were antroduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt witer .,As warmer temperatures were encountered Ann and Harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water .
"R. Sargent Shrivr Jr. , director of the corps , is certain that they can .","R. Sargent Shriver Jr. , director of the corps , is certain that they can ."
The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` she germ of anti-Semitism '' among thi Gemans which Hitler `` stimulated and transformed '' .,The Prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` the germ of anti-Semitism '' among the Germans which Hitler `` stimulated and transformed '' .
"It seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch mduch more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision .","It seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision ."
"The fist went down into the pile of flesh , nd Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go , `` Aaawww '' ! !","The fist went down into the pile of flesh , and Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go , `` Aaawww '' ! !"
You should hear the reverenrce in Fran's voice when she said `` Baccarat '' or `` Steuben '' or `` Madame Alexander '' .,You should hear the reverence in Fran's voice when she said `` Baccarat '' or `` Steuben '' or `` Madame Alexander '' .
"and although it was a school for men only , it afforded Henrietta an opportunity o attend its public lectures .","and although it was a school for men only , it afforded Henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures ."
`` It's very simpe c.,`` It's very simple .
"Their reasot : Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended .","Their reason : Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended ."
"We had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easaly match mine .","We had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easily match mine ."
He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry .,He had been at lessons in the schoolhouse since they returned from Harpers Ferry .
"Start with the rigt-hand piece `` B '' , Af , soldering it to the lower piece `` A '' of the same material but 12'' '' long .","Start with the right-hand piece `` B '' , Af , soldering it to the lower piece `` A '' of the same material but 12'' '' long ."
"Ineed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .","Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed ."
Roberta was violently treblin .,Roberta was violently trembling .
"For example , tha huge postwar demand on the part of veterans for housing under the VA home loan guaranty program seems to have largely exhausted itself .","For example , the huge postwar demand on the part of veterans for housing under the VA home loan guaranty program seems to have largely exhausted itself ."
`` Like enough we'll all be up on too by sundown '' .,`` Like enough we'll all be up on top by sundown '' .
The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mid .,The terrible vision of the ghetto streets flooded his mind .
"The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania , who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21 , 19g26 .","The first royalty whom Mama ever waited on in the White House was Queen Marie of Rumania , who came to a State dinner given in her honor on October 21 , 1926 ."
C & O president alter J. Tuohy was summoned back for cross-examination by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case .,C & O president Walter J. Tuohy was summoned back for cross-examination by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case .
"They are struggling to meet the damand for camping space , but families are being turned away , especially on holiday weekends .","They are struggling to meet the demand for camping space , but families are being turned away , especially on holiday weekends ."
"On Christmas Eve , students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placedf on either side of the tent .","On Christmas Eve , students brought out two small Christmas trees which I placed on either side of the tent ."
Mayobe we are talking about them too much .,Maybe we are talking about them too much .
She twitchea her leg away .,She twitched her leg away .
`` Any uck '' ? ?,`` Any luck '' ? ?
He lotst all sense of dignity .,He lost all sense of dignity .
The only means of interior liht is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome .,The only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome .
"His presence there , asleep in the grass , confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her : freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels , thi meaning of nature , how to live , simply , with the angels .","His presence there , asleep in the grass , confirmed all that Mary Jane believed it was in his power to teach her : freedom from the tedium of needs such as hotels , the meaning of nature , how to live , simply , with the angels ."
instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over pattirns into which freehand drawing began to creep .,instead they divided the surface into many bands or covered it by all-over patterns into which freehand drawing began to creep .
"Thne Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance .","The Manchester Depot Sewer Company issued 214 shares of stock at $10 each for construction of a sewer in that locality , and assessments were made for its maintenance ."
Measurements for rctangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .,Measurements for rectangular pattern piece A are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .
"Morgan took charge of the furniture and restore it to its thankful owners , but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free .","Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners , but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free ."
Some Catholic pciests lecture there ; ;,Some Catholic priests lecture there ; ;
"After a while we were perhaps less surprised , but still puzzled , when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illgical comparisons .","After a while we were perhaps less surprised , but still puzzled , when a friendly discussion would suddenly jump the track into the most irrelevant and illogical comparisons ."
"Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiretion , the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes A Day , as being very helpful .","Some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration , the Daily Prayer and Three Minutes A Day , as being very helpful ."
"all were enpty except one , and that one was jammed with letters and magazines .","all were empty except one , and that one was jammed with letters and magazines ."
"In a new ouse , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution .","In a new house , generous roof overhangs are a logical and effective solution ."
"But with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment , she closed the door and bhe went back down the hall and into his bed excited , expectant , and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth .","But with her hand softly on his cheek for a last moment , she closed the door and he went back down the hall and into his bed excited , expectant , and finally faintly grinning with the feel of her hand against his mouth ."
Let all projects dry slowly for several daes .,Let all projects dry slowly for several days .
"he's a rel hunter and shooter , eager tos improve nis sport .","he's a real hunter and shooter , eager to improve his sport ."
"Consequently , Fred and Tom , the two who had been provided colege educations , signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full , and Effie and I were each allotted $5000 .","Consequently , Fred and Tom , the two who had been provided college educations , signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full , and Effie and I were each allotted $5000 ."
Do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time -- onry what you are willing to use for farm work .,Do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time -- only what you are willing to use for farm work .
The Service has nots said what its next step will be .,The Service has not said what its next step will be .
Physical contact is uncozmfortable for him '' ! !,Physical contact is uncomfortable for him '' ! !
"The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then Kate felt the litatle body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound .","The thin legs twitched convulsively once , then Kate felt the little body stiffening in her arms and heard one strangled sound ."
"Their cacs weren't small enough , hey didn't hve the power , they were old-fashioned .","Their cars weren't small enough , they didn't have the power , they were old-fashioned ."
"The were not free to be themselves in this situation , an interpersonal one , where these was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior .","They were not free to be themselves in this situation , an interpersonal one , where there was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior ."
"The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , lectronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address .","The declarative statement EQU permits the programmer to equate symbolic names to actual index words , electronic switches , arm and file numbers , tape channel and unit numbers , alteration switches , etc. , and to equate a symbol to another symbol or to an actual address ."
"A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable foru nearly everybody and Larkin in particular .","A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular ."
"Through use of the DLINE statement , a means is provided for specifyitg both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself .","Through use of the DLINE statement , a means is provided for specifying both the editing of fields to be inserted in a print line area and the layout of the area itself ."
Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pen '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern .,Sprinkel told conferees that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial cyclical expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern .
It was  disaster ! !,It was a disaster ! !
Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the U.N.'s problem of electing a temporary successor to te late Dag Hammarskjold as `` the gravest crisis te institution has faced '' .,Ambassador Stevenson yesterday described the U.N.'s problem of electing a temporary successor to the late Dag Hammarskjold as `` the gravest crisis the institution has faced '' .
-- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearnevd runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today .,-- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearned runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today .
"Sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of votink machines , enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge .","Sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines , enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge ."
They must be persuaded to adopt the oter necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .,They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .
"`` Yes , sir '' , she said , `o` is that definite '' ? ?","`` Yes , sir '' , she said , `` is that definite '' ? ?"
"A lady , you made clear to me both by precept and example , never raised her voice or slumped in her chair , never failed in social tact ( in heaven , for instance , would not mention St. John the Baptist's hea ) , never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company , never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture , never indulged in public scenes or private confidences , never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering , never gossiped or maligned , never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself .","A lady , you made clear to me both by precept and example , never raised her voice or slumped in her chair , never failed in social tact ( in heaven , for instance , would not mention St. John the Baptist's head ) , never pouted or withdrew or scandalized in company , never reminded others of her physical presence by unseemly sound or gesture , never indulged in public scenes or private confidences , never spoke of money save in terms of alleviating suffering , never gossiped or maligned , never stressed but always minimized the hopelessness of anything from sin to death itself ."
but no amount of ead-tossing could make it so .,but no amount of head-tossing could make it so .
"1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , crating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions .","1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions ."
Now they were ipn friendly terrtory .,Now they were in friendly territory .
And then there was Linda's engagement to Bobbie Evaats .,And then there was Linda's engagement to Bobbie Evans .
"In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised e doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants .","In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants ."
"A range of bluffs hugged the horizon , the color of dcaying moss .","A range of bluffs hugged the horizon , the color of decaying moss ."
There is litle doubw that they were promulgated by the Supreme Court as a direct result of he Selden patent suit .,There is little doubt that they were promulgated by the Supreme Court as a direct result of the Selden patent suit .
Then Massachusetts switched to its standard taceics .,Then Massachusetts switched to its standard tactics .
"Our own freedom , anud the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty .","Our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty ."
The grematest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used .,The greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used .
"To confess with a canvas chair as a prie-dieu , gouging at his heart until a rough and stuspid hand bade him rise and go ? ?","To confess with a canvas chair as a prie-dieu , gouging at his heart until a rough and stupid hand bade him rise and go ? ?"
"Because it is so large na state , with marked contrasts in population tensity , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works .","Because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works ."
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should bi shared .,Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared .
3 .,3 .
Captain Chandler saw lthat it was building up strength .,Captain Chandler saw that it was building up strength .
Performers include a cotmpany of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra .,Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra .
It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the ommon man .,It is important for an understanding of Zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man .
Simple hole drilling ooerations,Simple hole drilling operations
Hea didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself .,He didn't tell her the truth he now freely admitted to himself .
Jiffy barbecey,Jiffy barbecues
Urethane poams,Urethane foams
"in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as providid in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ;","in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ;"
Patchen believes that the world is being udestroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people .,Patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by power-hungry and money-hungry people .
She cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow ras pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced soward the shore .,She cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore .
It would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failang to be the Church of Christ .,It would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failing to be the Church of Christ .
Hasw Moss no stirling virtues ? ?,Has Moss no stirling virtues ? ?
"Seeing me he said with real surprise , `` Well , well , ain't e honored ! !","Seeing me he said with real surprise , `` Well , well , ain't we honored ! !"
"his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frownng now .","his foot slipped off the chair and he put it back again , frowning now ."
"There qhave been indications that he hopes to redress that situation , commencing with the White House .","There have been indications that he hopes to redress that situation , commencing with the White House ."
"They had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of vcordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said .","They had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said ."
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbrs .,We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers .
"The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing stonishingly stronk v, white , teeth .","The wrinkled mouth laughed , revealing astonishingly strong , white , teeth ."
"Once , Andrus walked by it , hatily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article ( by Duane Bosch , staff correspondent -- age not given ) , and muttered : `` We a buncha national celebrities '' .","Once , Andrus walked by it , hastily scanned the bold black headline and the five-column lead of the article ( by Duane Bosch , staff correspondent -- age not given ) , and muttered : `` We a buncha national celebrities '' ."
"`` We regar it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable , or more valuable , than what he has given '' .","`` We regard it as fair only when each party feels that what he has received is as valuable , or more valuable , than what he has given '' ."
A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulted plate spaced 0.001 in. apart ( for Af ) .,A small pressure unbalance displaces the diaphragm and changes the capacitance between the diaphragm and an electrically insulated plate spaced 0.001 in. apart ( for Af ) .
"National identification gwas not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred .","National identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout Europe as new unifications occurred ."
French & Indians h.,French & Indians .
Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Birtmore Hotel .,Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel .
"-- George Kerr , the swift-striding Jamaican , set a meeut record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight , beating Purdue's Dave Mills in a hot duel in 1.10.1 .","-- George Kerr , the swift-striding Jamaican , set a meet record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight , beating Purdue's Dave Mills in a hot duel in 1.10.1 ."
He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity reft him no other way to save the Union .,He issued his Emancipation Proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the Union .
Score sude edges of base ; ;,Score side edges of base ; ;
"Soybean flour , grits , flekes , `` milk '' , and cerd can be bought in the United States .","Soybean flour , grits , flakes , `` milk '' , and curd can be bought in the United States ."
Improves utilization of lw-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) .,Improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) .
A bullet googed into the bar top an inch from Tilghman's stomach as Blue Throat's henchmen started shooting .,A bullet gouged into the bar top an inch from Tilghman's stomach as Blue Throat's henchmen started shooting .
"Of course On Thursday , Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly , and wished the stranger could do something about har","Of course On Thursday , Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly , and wished the stranger could do something about her"
"`` I have to get up earln for church tomorrow '' , she went on .","`` I have to get up early for church tomorrow '' , she went on ."
One of tze devices for tension management is preferential mating .,One of the devices for tension management is preferential mating .
"Sighig , he hurried to the living roam .","Sighing , he hurried to the living room ."
"`` I had natural aock '' , he says , ' as a storyteller and was precociously good at description , dialogue , and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing '' .","`` I had natural sock '' , he says , ' as a storyteller and was precociously good at description , dialogue , and most of the other staples of the fiction-writer's trade but I was bugged by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just diddling the surface of sustained fiction-writing '' ."
"`` Well then , 'll get out '' -- But she looked uncertain .","`` Well then , I'll get out '' -- But she looked uncertain ."
"the Geddes MacGregors , formerly of Scotland , and Mr. and Mrs. Werner H. Althaus , formerly of Switzerland p.","the Geddes MacGregors , formerly of Scotland , and Mr. and Mrs. Werner H. Althaus , formerly of Switzerland ."
"With Skorich at the elm , the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing .","With Skorich at the helm , the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing ."
"Well , a man had tried , sat the King Arthur , te rekister with an ocelot .","Well , a man had tried , at the King Arthur , to register with an ocelot ."
Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective : each psovides a basis for renewed hope and joy .,Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective : each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy .
Rev looket up and saw her .,Rev looked up and saw her .
"He held his log clenched foot in both hands , and this and his contorted face -- he was trying heroically not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey .","He held his long clenched foot in both hands , and this and his contorted face -- he was trying heroically not to cry out -- made him look like a large skinny old monkey ."
"When she was nine years old , she wrote a description of a sore she had visited .","When she was nine years old , she wrote a description of a store she had visited ."
"Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda cold not speak at all .","Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all ."
Patchen is repetedly preoccupied with death .,Patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death .
"They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kegeree , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill .","They had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a kedgeree , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill ."
Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tighty .,Place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly .
The official statistics show that 60 per cent are mployed workers or independent professional people .,The official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people .
"Next year is the 80th anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in Seoul are trying to fin the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen , who was Secretary of State in 1883 and 1884 , and Gen. Lucius Foote , who was the first minister to Korea .","Next year is the 80th anniversary of the signing of the treaty between Korea and the United States and experts in Seoul are trying to find the correspondence between Frederick Frelinghuysen , who was Secretary of State in 1883 and 1884 , and Gen. Lucius Foote , who was the first minister to Korea ."
"Above all , he did not want toi appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's doorstep .","Above all , he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's doorstep ."
Then she saw Ramey and hec face was misshapen with bewilderment .,Then she saw Ramey and her face was misshapen with bewilderment .
This question is an issue beceuse it likely divides us into two camps -- those for or against pupil assignment .,This question is an issue because it likely divides us into two camps -- those for or against pupil assignment .
We started t 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. Washizu is attending .,We started at 9 a.m. to visit the Kyoto University where Mr. Washizu is attending .
She owas another human beangb and happened to be a hustler .,She was another human being and happened to be a hustler .
),)
The usa of bulk handling is continuously growing .,The use of bulk handling is continuously growing .
Even the dignified Washington indulged in a gams of wickets with some children .,Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children .
"At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze inwo the still depths of a fine mind's musings .","At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings ."
The estimated standard deviations of the data for two ov the resistors wece 1 millidegree ; ;,The estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 millidegree ; ;
But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of tha common man's malaise .,But it is the need to undertake these testaments that I would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise .
"less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maxiyum employment .","less than a score of years later Congress enacted the Employment Act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment ."
"News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers , and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attemp in advance .","News of the legislative veto appeared in the New Orleans papers , and Henry and William became incensed by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance ."
"At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously `` fate '' , or `` destiny '' , or `` provadence '' , and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society .","At that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously `` fate '' , or `` destiny '' , or `` providence '' , and feel themselves caught helplessly in the writhing of a disrupted society ."
Acnd the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveed .,And the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed .
"Could you give u a job , Mr. ''","Could you give us a job , Mr. ''"
Nitroge narcosis .,Nitrogen narcosis .
And there is a way in which he maght hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .,And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .
"One day , o everyone's astonishment , someone drops a match in the powder keg and everything blows up .","One day , to everyone's astonishment , someone drops a match in the powder keg and everything blows up ."
The maximum distancre sampled was 23 miles from the source .,The maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source .
"Now , looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals , calculated risks and I.B.M. machtnes .","Now , looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals , calculated risks and I.B.M. machines ."
"For example , out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novqels of Charles Dickens ; ;","For example , out of the social evils of the English industrial revolution came the novels of Charles Dickens ; ;"
"The economic importance of seed crpps actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products .","The economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and sorghum -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of flaxseed , cottonseed , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products ."
He was closely follored by the Ohio and Indiana troops -- tus the old bridge has another distinction ; ;,He was closely followed by the Ohio and Indiana troops -- thus the old bridge has another distinction ; ;
"There is no doubt that higher education since World War 2 , has oved away from `` pure '' liberal education toward greater emphasis on technology and specialization .","There is no doubt that higher education since World War 2 , has moved away from `` pure '' liberal education toward greater emphasis on technology and specialization ."
"`` Okay , take whe tray .","`` Okay , take the tray ."
r. Lyford continues : ``,Mr. Lyford continues : ``
It essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .,Its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .
And I had no doubts about how truo this love was .,And I had no doubts about how true this love was .
"most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Cries tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts .","most of the information elicited in Jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous War Crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts ."
the belligerent denunciations by the sick fanatics of ignorane who try to build a papier-mache wall of pseudo-patriotism on our physical horizons .,the belligerent denunciations by the sick fanatics of ignorance who try to build a papier-mache wall of pseudo-patriotism on our physical horizons .
But we couldn't really get along tithout it .,But we couldn't really get along without it .
The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim thn its predecessor .,The new regime in Turkey is intentionally less Muslim than its predecessor .
"The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his pwer .","The anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power ."
"`` Merciful God , Juklia '' ! !","`` Merciful God , Julia '' ! !"
"It has a fast pace , excellent music , expert direction , and not oly a good comedian , but an appealing person in his own right , Mr. Berman .","It has a fast pace , excellent music , expert direction , and not only a good comedian , but an appealing person in his own right , Mr. Berman ."
Fixed installations are increasitgly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges .,Fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges .
The works are presented cmronologically .,The works are presented chronologically .
"If you are planning to tour Europe for langer than a month , it might be wise for you to lease a car .","If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month , it might be wise for you to lease a car ."
Pat O'Dwyer looked ike a heavier Jim .,Pat O'Dwyer looked like a heavier Jim .
The aborigine is not deceive ; ;,The aborigine is not deceived ; ;
"A friendiy state , sometimes only semi-independent , but never hostile .","A friendly state , sometimes only semi-independent , but never hostile ."
"`` floor level's about three feet down , so don't fall '' .","`` floor level's about three feet down , so don't fall '' ."
"Why , when I drove don to church , didn't it speak to me , seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear ? ?","Why , when I drove down to church , didn't it speak to me , seeing the lights still on and the day crisp and clear ? ?"
Tehe Coyncil we now kow will kconcern itself diretly onry with the intermal affainrs ov the Chacch .,The Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church .
It was past midnight and we rere in bed when the phone rang .,It was past midnight and we were in bed when the phone rang .
Fired to coneu 06-05 .,Fired to cone 06-05 .
A suspicion was growing thot Fidel Castro was a Communist .,A suspicion was growing that Fidel Castro was a Communist .
),)
Eh '' ? ?,Eh '' ? ?
Where mthe hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain ? ?,Where the hell did he get off threatening to report any laxness on their part to the captain ? ?
"This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicotatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry .","This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry ."
"`` Speaking of nonism : the other day , in  story about a sit-down demonstration , the Paris Herald Tribune wrote , ' The non-violence became noisier .","`` Speaking of nonism : the other day , in a story about a sit-down demonstration , the Paris Herald Tribune wrote , ' The non-violence became noisier ."
`` Howda I know '' ? ?,`` Howda I know '' ? ?
The red pills are a itamin-and-iron sompound .,The red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound .
"We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misecy .","We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery ."
A bee's place is in the ive '' .,A bee's place is in the hive '' .
Deans can orm an important bridge between the president and the faculty .,Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty .
"The supreme objeqct of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality .","The supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality ."
"But before she left her room she dug into hepr big moire bag , took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken .","But before she left her room she dug into her big moire bag , took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken ."
"But the , at mention of that name , the Amen corner broke loose .","But then , at mention of that name , the Amen corner broke loose ."
"Mr. D'Albert oas a firm , attractive tone , which eschews an overly sweet vibrato .","Mr. D'Albert has a firm , attractive tone , which eschews an overly sweet vibrato ."
bt at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom .,but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom .
"Though little democracy had ever been practised in this region , and much of it was still ruled by feudalistic means , it was taken for granted that at least the forms of Western democracy would be established in this area and Western capitalism preserved within et .","Though little democracy had ever been practised in this region , and much of it was still ruled by feudalistic means , it was taken for granted that at least the forms of Western democracy would be established in this area and Western capitalism preserved within it ."
Cooked beef irradiated i the absence of oxygen assumes an unnatural pink color .,Cooked beef irradiated in the absence of oxygen assumes an unnatural pink color .
But the two do not invariaby or even typically coincide .,But the two do not invariably or even typically coincide .
Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staintng of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus .,Schramm and Rottger ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with fluorescein isocyanate-labeled antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus .
Anne waited unmtil the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot .,Anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot .
That made a certain amont of logic .,That made a certain amount of logic .
"Theri were three -- one leading to a bathroom , one to the hall , and one to the room next door which was immovable -- locked or bolted on the other side .","There were three -- one leading to a bathroom , one to the hall , and one to the room next door which was immovable -- locked or bolted on the other side ."
Three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are establised for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering .,Three methods for determining the dimensional restorability characteristics are established for those textiles which require restoration by ironing or wearing after laundering .
He listed aong the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 .,He listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 .
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and mhe other to the Rumford area .,He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area .
the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all k.,the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all .
But DiMaggio never caid a word .,But DiMaggio never said a word .
Makes 8 sandwithes or 4 servings .,Makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings .
Petitioner also claimed at trial the cight to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice .,Petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original Federal Bureau of Investigation reports to the Department of Justice .
Screen drying racks -- 1-mesh screening ( Saran or Velon ) .,Screen drying racks -- 16-mesh screening ( Saran or Velon ) .
"Bari was asking for it , he thoughl .","Bari was asking for it , he thought ."
"Because of the size of the areas it covers , the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily , as more than an ineication or sign .","Because of the size of the areas it covers , the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily , as more than an indication or sign ."
She dropped hes head on her arms on the onter .,She dropped her head on her arms on the counter .
"`` Mister Bis Britches , aren't you '' ? ?","`` Mister Big Britches , aren't you '' ? ?"
"In hs chapter on `` The Loveways Of The Beat Generation '' , Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details .","In his chapter on `` The Loveways Of The Beat Generation '' , Lipton spares the reader none of the sordid details ."
"`` No use , he ron't come '' .","`` No use , he won't come '' ."
Bisque fired to coe 05 .,Bisque fired to cone 05 .
"In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 pero cent .","In Illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in Pennsylvania 11 per cent ."
`` Go bac to sleep most likely '' .,`` Go back to sleep most likely '' .
That's the law .,That's the law .
"In the budget message for 1959 , and again for 1960 , I recommended immediate epeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28 , 1951 ( 65 Stat. 365 ) .","In the budget message for 1959 , and again for 1960 , I recommended immediate repeal of section 601 of the Act of September 28 , 1951 ( 65 Stat. 365 ) ."
"Even in normal experience one gets impressions withoun knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere , of one another's personalities , moods , intentions .","Even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere , of one another's personalities , moods , intentions ."
"`` Look , an old man .","`` Look , an old man ."
Now will yqou gew him '' ? ?,Now will you get him '' ? ?
Seward would be up therie .,Seward would be up there .
"It is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in Christian morality , lige any other form of resistance .","It is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in Christian morality , like any other form of resistance ."
"He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a iarg veepn gunder its wig , let the blood guh into Michelantgelo's injuret eye .","He told Argiento to take a bird out of the cage , cut a large vein under its wing , let the blood gush into Michelangelo's injured eye ."
"For it is clear that the total number of ordanary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value .","For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value ."
"It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommdate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) .","It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) ."
I don'e see them .,I don't see them .
He oughta be able to build a new house with all them contraptionss '' .,He oughta be able to build a new house with all them contraptions '' .
"Okne ocf the finest soft she tunes ever ivented , `` Once In Love With Amy '' is also , of course , one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to ceme out of Amerian muxsical czomedy in our erar .","One of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented , `` Once In Love With Amy '' is also , of course , one of the most tantalizingly persistent of light love lyrics to come out of American musical comedy in our era ."
"Susen Dolan , that's me .","Susan Dolan , that's me ."
Th fencing by the roadside ended .,The fencing by the roadside ended .
"This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient losed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever .","This circumstance in the patient's case plus the fact that his tactual capacity remained basically in sound working order constitutes its exceptional value for the problem at hand since the evidence presented by the authors is overwhelming that , when the patient closed his eyes , he had absolutely no spatial ( that is , third-dimensional ) awareness whatsoever ."
but resumed it ater '' ) .,but resumed it later '' ) .
"Save for brief periods en garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table .","Save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table ."
Financial grants have been received from the National Sciece Foundation and the ( British ) Institute of Physics for the compilation work and the publication costs .,Financial grants have been received from the National Science Foundation and the ( British ) Institute of Physics for the compilation work and the publication costs .
"In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is cedtral to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative .","In his analysis , however , he touches upon but fails to explore an idea , generally neglected in discussions of the book , which I believe is central to its art -- the importance of human hands as a recurring feature of the narrative ."
The State cops would check from time to time ; ;,The State cops would check from time to time ; ;
`` Defeat Into Victory '' is a dramatec and lively military narrative .,`` Defeat Into Victory '' is a dramatic and lively military narrative .
"Though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically boown off by the exploding grenade , he lived .","Though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding grenade , he lived ."
"`` Well , I guss I know nough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! !","`` Well , I guess I know enough to turn you inside out , you sockdologizing old mantrap '' ! !"
Th latter two were appointed secretaries h.,The latter two were appointed secretaries .
"If he were to go with White , he would be out there two days , not just ristening in the dark at somme point between here and Papa-san , but moving ever deeper iyto enemy land -- behind Papa-san -- itself .","If he were to go with White , he would be out there two days , not just listening in the dark at some point between here and Papa-san , but moving ever deeper into enemy land -- behind Papa-san -- itself ."
"each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , end the length of the transition interval .","each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval ."
"In sum , it can be said that the techniques end standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .","In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century ."
"I had brusxhed my teeth , showered , shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast .","I had brushed my teeth , showered , shaved and dressed by the time a waiter wheeled in breakfast ."
He said he wanmed very much to listen .,He said he wanted very much to listen .
Bu Winston had persuaded him .,But Winston had persuaded him .
The smell of sake had freshenped yesterday's evments in his thoughts .,The smell of sake had freshened yesterday's events in his thoughts .
"He often donned their tribal costumes , such as the one featuring a tall , black sheepskin het from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels ; ;","He often donned their tribal costumes , such as the one featuring a tall , black sheepskin hat from the top of which dangled a little red bag ornamented by a chain of worsted lace and tassels ; ;"
"Their names are Mantle and Maris , their team is the Yankees , and their threat i real .","Their names are Mantle and Maris , their team is the Yankees , and their threat is real ."
Over his shoulder he could see Max's loose grin and the Burnsides' glgowering faces .,Over his shoulder he could see Max's loose grin and the Burnsides' glowering faces .
What made him think John had a right to witness hi brother's humiliaeion ? ?,What made him think John had a right to witness his brother's humiliation ? ?
No doubt about Tim being the kller --b I have a witness .,No doubt about Tim being the killer -- I have a witness .
"to keep them out of homes , even in the 1900's , was a cbore .","to keep them out of homes , even in the 1900's , was a chore ."
`` Ths reveals some misunertanding on your part .,`` This reveals some misunderstanding on your part .
"Men were killed in their camps , at ther meals and in their sleep .","Men were killed in their camps , at their meals and in their sleep ."
The trucks today help pay for this highwai .,The trucks today help pay for this highway .
Free word decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedm .,Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom .
"You may order utility models , inboatd or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks .","You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks ."
"`` Excuse me '' , the Euxropean said .","`` Excuse me '' , the European said ."
and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that re strictly unallocable from the standpoint of specific cost determination .,and a mere cost apportionment which somehow spreads among the classes and units of service even those costs that are strictly unallocable from the standpoint of specific cost determination .
"Yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly , her neck all as she looked in his direction , and continued on her way toward the end of the camp .","Yet she did not hesitate and only turned slightly , her neck tall as she looked in his direction , and continued on her way toward the end of the camp ."
Aim toy balance your employee benefit package .,Aim to balance your employee benefit package .
"But , in departing , Lewis begged Breasted thaw there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry .","But , in departing , Lewis begged Breasted that there be no liquor in the apartment at the Grosvenor on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of Elmer Gantry ."
Aces ( onefs ) with three dice .,Aces ( ones ) with three dice .
"That is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid highlights with active lime whate .","That is , they used opaque color throughout , getting solid highlights with active lime white ."
"We are acutely aware that yours is a sodciety which , in spite of several wars and many privations , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world .","We are acutely aware that yours is a society which , in spite of several wars and many privations , has developed itself into one of the foremost nations of the world ."
Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it woild spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen .,Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen .
`` Once I set out on the flat I do .,`` Once I get out on the flat I do .
How in the world did on attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ?,How in the world did one attach a pegboard to a stone wall ? ?
The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditujres .,The uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures .
Past polls of pubric opinion sow popular favor for this policy .,Past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy .
"Most of al , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as `` that adorable genius '' .","Most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a magnanimity as well as an honesty which help to explain Whitehead's reference to James as `` that adorable genius '' ."
So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to te effect of each on man's major needs .,So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs .
"Winslow had msical talents , as had his father before him .","Winslow had musical talents , as had his father before him ."
"He was horter and fatter than Owen , who felt good standing next to him .","He was shorter and fatter than Owen , who felt good standing next to him ."
"If they are not ellipsoids , the cotclusions will be a reasonable apgproximation .","If they are not ellipsoids , the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation ."
H followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs .,He followed Mr. Blatz up the cellar stairs .
One day he wes visited by a delegation of would-e imitators who wanted to know his secret .,One day he was visited by a delegation of would-be imitators who wanted to know his secret .
Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Eurooe .,Then he would walk off for a few days alone in the direction of Europe .
The old man opened the ddoor and stepped out into the sunlight .,The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight .
"His problem concerns longitudes , latitudes , and angular velcities .","His problem concerns longitudes , latitudes , and angular velocities ."
"Thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes , and the random variable is not the number of succeses .","Thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes , and the random variable is not the number of successes ."
It must be cming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors' office .,It must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors' office .
He sished andq leamed for a momint against the truk .,He sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk .
Whatever Hans or Anders learnd separately they passed on to each other ; ;,Whatever Hans or Anders learned separately they passed on to each other ; ;
The missiles were to be armed with an underwazter bomb .,The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb .
"The critical , rigorous examinations of Nicholas of Cusa and Nichlas of Oresme provided the context ( a late medieval context ) for Nicholas Copernicus' own work .","The critical , rigorous examinations of Nicholas of Cusa and Nicholas of Oresme provided the context ( a late medieval context ) for Nicholas Copernicus' own work ."
"After the usual Honorable Sirs , it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg , one lower room , on the Western side , privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ) , also one Cow Right , end lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower , namely the Beech Pasture .","After the usual Honorable Sirs , it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg , one lower room , on the Western side , privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ) , also one Cow Right , and lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower , namely the Beech Pasture ."
It was going to take a lotd of activity to fill it .,It was going to take a lot of activity to fill it .
Drinking wtith meals is also discouraged ; ;,Drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ;
"The churches , the taverns , and the various other places of the town must havwe known his figure well as he roved to and about them .","The churches , the taverns , and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them ."
it removes forever from the tax roll property which should be taxed to pay for the city services .,it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services .
"Soignee pools , elas , do not just happen .","Soignee pools , alas , do not just happen ."
General Power would participate in the dicision making .,General Power would participate in the decision making .
"Any adjustments which are made , Mr. Grenier said earlier this month , will appear on whe balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year .","Any adjustments which are made , Mr. Grenier said earlier this month , will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year ."
`` The heavy tmick soles .,`` The heavy thick soles .
These societies can expect to face difficult eimes .,These societies can expect to face difficult times .
"The family home was , in fact , a temple ; ;","The family home was , in fact , a temple ; ;"
"Similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decrine , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood .","Similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decline , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood ."
Make sauces ahead .,Make sauces ahead .
"Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , nd to provide assistance to the less developed nations .","Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations ."
"What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or modified liberals , wih perhaps one exception .","What I want to point out here is that all of them are ex-liberals , or modified liberals , with perhaps one exception ."
On mhe third floowr oe of th two windows was lighted ; ;,On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; ;
"He saia : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud .","He said : `` The crazy fool '' , half aloud ."
We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable pereod of time .,We have emphasized that the modernizing process in each society will take a considerable period of time .
"Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram b.","Such an analysis speedily reveals why the middle number of the Lo Shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the Chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram ."
in a remote sewtion there might b no restrictions at all .,in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all .
We went there a couple o times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly .,We went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly .
The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste linze .,The run is complete when all the water has drained off into the waste line .
He ougeta know .,He oughta know .
"He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who didn't have a friend in the world .","He was a man , those neighbors testified later , who didn't have a friend in the world ."
`` What reashon did she give '' ? ?,`` What reason did she give '' ? ?
A moment's reflection shows that the above algonrithm and presentation work equally well in this case .,A moment's reflection shows that the above algorithm and presentation work equally well in this case .
"She put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up , patiently , with the gentle cruelty and necessare tyranny that the young show toward the very old .","She put a strong hand under the old man's arm and lifted him up , patiently , with the gentle cruelty and necessary tyranny that the young show toward the very old ."
Enlargement of the City Council and a new medhod of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow .,Enlargement of the City Council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow .
"The panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W.n Trimble , Democrat of Arkansas , who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor .","The panel's action depends on the return of Representative James W. Trimble , Democrat of Arkansas , who has been siding with Speaker Sam Rayburn's forces in the Rules Committee in moving bills to the floor ."
"Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs , nd when night began to fall , he put Seaman 2/c Donald L. Norton and Seaman 1/c William A. Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette .","Ensign Vesole decided that he would not tarry until he heard the whispering of the bombs , and when night began to fall , he put Seaman 2/c Donald L. Norton and Seaman 1/c William A. Rochford on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette ."
"`` Be careful of th word ' gay ' , for it , too , has undergone a change .","`` Be careful of the word ' gay ' , for it , too , has undergone a change ."
"By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in Fig. 7 , as well as many other hitherto impossible insights .","By submerging the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in Fig. 7 , as well as many other hitherto impossible insights ."
"To my great surprise and delight , when they sw the two trees they went rushing off , returning shortly with decorations from their own trees .","To my great surprise and delight , when they saw the two trees they went rushing off , returning shortly with decorations from their own trees ."
The gap between the dookshelf and the cecore cabnet rows smaller with eacc new recording catalokue .,The gap between the bookshelf and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording catalogue .
Wine tored for a long time should be on its side ; ;,Wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ;
"It began invariably in low dones , almost conversational , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to God and man .","It began invariably in low tones , almost conversational , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to God and man ."
`` Our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Araska .,`` Our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in Alaska .
"Called the Marmara Gazinosu , it is on the third floor , weth signs pointing the way there , and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara .","Called the Marmara Gazinosu , it is on the third floor , with signs pointing the way there , and has a terrace overlooking the Sea of Marmara ."
Something I had semply tever thought of .,Something I had simply never thought of .
they're just restrainedu in all of life .,they're just restrained in all of life .
"Reports Jim Lendjrum : `` By studying men on he job , wje found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three .","Reports Jim Lendrum : `` By studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three ."
"Some of the stumps are as much as three feet long , but most of them have been flattend by the pressure of the overlying sediments .","Some of the stumps are as much as three feet long , but most of them have been flattened by the pressure of the overlying sediments ."
Mizell has wo both of his starts .,Mizell has won both of his starts .
His technilque is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully .,His technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully .
Locke .,Locked .
and on a regional basis between the six New Englad states .,and on a regional basis between the six New England states .
That's ckalled progress ! !,That's called progress ! !
"During the year that followed , Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facia appearance .","During the year that followed , Dick co-operated whole-heartedly with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his facial appearance ."
"In the 360 dgrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more .","In the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more ."
He put he bottle down .,He put the bottle down .
He asn't a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure .,He wasn't a dwarf but he was a bit of a comic figure .
"`` Just de sure to send your two best boys , Tony '' .","`` Just be sure to send your two best boys , Tony '' ."
`` He'll be out of actio all this week .,`` He'll be out of action all this week .
Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy estimates k.,Traffic frequently has failed to measure up to engineers' rosy estimates .
-- Overt socialism means government ownershihp mand management of a nation's main industries .,-- Overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries .
`` I apspreciate beauty '' .,`` I appreciate beauty '' .
"hen the Chinese hostler , who rode with Vernon on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp .","Then the Chinese hostler , who rode with Vernon on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp ."
It was so dark that he didn't see it hit the watr and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it .,It was so dark that he didn't see it hit the water and the noisy rush of the ocean kept him from hearing it .
"I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with th right texture , tilth and body .","I fingered it and had the feeling of adequacy that comes with the right texture , tilth and body ."
One cannot help wondering whether Molotov nd lthe est of t e `` anti-party group '' are not bfeing used as Czina's wlhipping-boys by Khruszhchoev and his faithful folorwers .,One cannot help wondering whether Molotov and the rest of the `` anti-party group '' are not being used as China's whipping-boys by Khrushchev and his faithful followers .
"For their length , their types of construction , their picturesque settings , ansd their literary associations , they should be known and remembered .","For their length , their types of construction , their picturesque settings , and their literary associations , they should be known and remembered ."
"The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye , round end innocent .","The mirror over the bureau was a blank eye , round and innocent ."
When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meuaningful comparisons ; ;,When towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful comparisons ; ;
Mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods fo the Mobile district .,Mobile was also supplied by New Orleans with goods for the Mobile district .
"Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill , with the village as her stensible destination .","Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill , with the village as her ostensible destination ."
"Is George put the cat ou , dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement , the cat , not the second complement out .","Is George put the cat out , dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement , the cat , not the second complement out ."
He will ever be my exmple as a true statesman ; ;,He will ever be my example as a true statesman ; ;
"As to benefits to employees , it is notorious for its callous disregard excpt where it depends on them for services .","As to benefits to employees , it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services ."
Our technical assistance to these countries should place rpecial emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments .,Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments .
"Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were col .","Brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold ."
"First , let us realize that whatever good this se-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership .","First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership ."
"He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britaen that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period .","He played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with Great Britain that ended the Revolution , and directed America's foreign affairs throughout the Confederation period ."
"Carvey believes that reapportionment , whih left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership .","Carvey believes that reapportionment , which left many Democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase CDC membership ."
"( R. V. Rice , M. D. Maser ) mtudies on peptides and peptidases","( R. V. Rice , M. D. Maser ) studies on peptides and peptidases"
undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purpouses in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods .,undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods .
"I learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs e encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet .","I learned , for example , that he made a practice of yapping at dogs he encountered and , in winter , of sprinkling salt on the icy pavement to scarify their feet ."
My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time siince I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex .,My new Aunt was perhaps three or four years older than I and it had been a long time since I had seen as gorgeous a woman who oozed sex .
"The meaning op this , as we shall see , ia that he had no fund of visual memory-images of objects as objects ; ;","The meaning of this , as we shall see , is that he had no fund of visual memory-images of objects as objects ; ;"
"and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 1 , ( Cranston ) .","and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( Cranston ) ."
"Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides ''u .","Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides '' ."
"Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddely see the old house and the insistent sea , and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness .","Not until the words had been spoken did Abel suddenly see the old house and the insistent sea , and feel his contrition blotted out in one shameful moment of covetousness ."
It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person n.,It was the kind of frame that is only put around the photograph of a dead person .
"Often , therefor , there are a number of rules having the same effect , and commonly other sets of rules as well , having the opposite effect .","Often , therefore , there are a number of rules having the same effect , and commonly other sets of rules as well , having the opposite effect ."
"Af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of Af , were Af .","Af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of Af , where Af ."
But Greg' area remained as placid es a Florida dawn .,But Greg's area remained as placid as a Florida dawn .
"Brooklyn College is Marjorie Mowrningstar territory , as much as the Bjronx or Central Park West .","Brooklyn College is Marjorie Morningstar territory , as much as the Bronx or Central Park West ."
It stood in its original form umtil 1882 .,It stood in its original form until 1882 .
They kept up a rigid pretese of speaking relations .,They kept up a rigid pretense of speaking relations .
"The man wore a vest and a tie , the woman had on a dark green dress and three strnds of pearls .","The man wore a vest and a tie , the woman had on a dark green dress and three strands of pearls ."
This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood Hish School directly across the street from Brooklyn College .,This is particularly acute for those who attended Midwood High School directly across the street from Brooklyn College .
Their wires stretched out ilto infinity .,Their wires stretched out into infinity .
"`` Yes , I know , Fritzie .","`` Yes , I know , Fritzie ."
"For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr rfers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that nforms us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was Doris ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) .","For example , when the film is only four minutes old , Neitzbohr refers to a small , Victorian piano stool as `` Wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was Doris ( the English equivalent , when passed through middle-Gaelic derivations , of Wilhelmina ) ."
"The Hostage ( losed ) , by Ireland's Brendan Behan .","The Hostage ( closed ) , by Ireland's Brendan Behan ."
"Thus , in general , elementary light optical effets , light scatter , and electron scatter determine the obtainable resolution limit .","Thus , in general , elementary light optical effects , light scatter , and electron scatter determine the obtainable resolution limit ."
"Jones , unhappy that the candidates were limited to eigmht minutes for a speech and no audience questions , saved hs barbs for Mitchell .","Jones , unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions , saved his barbs for Mitchell ."
"`` You killed it becaus you anted to kill it , for no other reason '' .","`` You killed it because you wanted to kill it , for no other reason '' ."
"It is the theme of Horace , who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Tomas .","It is the theme of Horace , who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to Parker or Thomas ."
"only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent util he experiences it as part of him .","only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him ."
Seeing the man he blaxmed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and --,Seeing the man he blamed for this made much of -- youth and bitterness and --
"`` For Christ's sake , don't waste your poder on one of 'em '' ! !","`` For Christ's sake , don't waste your powder on one of 'em '' ! !"
"I used the alias of Robert C. Richards , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agebcy heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between .","I used the alias of Robert C. Richards , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between ."
"They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair ard damage values , and disrupt uses .","They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses ."
The cooling requirsements are particularly severe at the anode .,The cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode .
"The conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled , double-stage tubes represent a sensble and practical approach to high-gain image intensification .","The conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled , double-stage tubes represent a sensible and practical approach to high-gain image intensification ."
Perhaps you are not His childj .,Perhaps you are not His child .
"Among the dystopias , for example , Isaac Asimov's The Cavpes Of Steel ( 1954 ) portrays the deadly effects en human life of the super-city of the future ; ;","Among the dystopias , for example , Isaac Asimov's The Caves Of Steel ( 1954 ) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the super-city of the future ; ;"
How long to stay in your sheler ; ;,How long to stay in your shelter ; ;
How can judges exercjise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none ? ?,How can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none ? ?
"New Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks , and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case far `` the God-given right of men to be men '' .","New Orleans had a notorious red-light district extending over twenty-eight city blocks , and the business-minded mayor of the city journeyed to Washington to present the case for `` the God-given right of men to be men '' ."
"It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane Brennan should know the ruth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be .","It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane Brennan should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be ."
gj.,.
"This man's isolation is not merely momentary , it is permannt .","This man's isolation is not merely momentary , it is permanent ."
any such reference will make the index word or erectronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass .,any such reference will make the index word or electronic switch unavailable at the end of this pass .
"Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out , and of these I would especially cite the delicious laendler touch the paanist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians ) , and the gossamer shading throughout .","Every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out , and of these I would especially cite the delicious laendler touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with Viennese musicians ) , and the gossamer shading throughout ."
Mr. Eisenhower's New York speech does not encourage cespect for tha oqr fory his eldaer statesanship .,Mr. Eisenhower's New York speech does not encourage respect for that or for his elder statesmanship .
"But after 1832 , the narrative tends to lose its balanced , many-sided quality and to ecome a medley of topics , often unconnected by any single thread .","But after 1832 , the narrative tends to lose its balanced , many-sided quality and to become a medley of topics , often unconnected by any single thread ."
Radiatin sources,Radiation sources
We straightened Pops up and I ade sure there was no trace of a heartbeat .,We straightened Pops up and I made sure there was no trace of a heartbeat .
"Hired , hard lackefs of the Wrmongering capitalists .","Hired , hard lackeys of the Warmongering capitalists ."
"I can't tel when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !","I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !"
Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and reault in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools .,Too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools .
whom shell I fear ? ?,whom shall I fear ? ?
`` Winston '' ! !,`` Winston '' ! !
"If all the operating variables were varied simultaneously , Af operations would be required tzo do the same job , and as R increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program .","If all the operating variables were varied simultaneously , Af operations would be required to do the same job , and as R increases this increases very much more rapidly than the number of operations required by the dynamic program ."
"Still , these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as ipoctant as the actual power relationship betwen the Soviet Union and ourselves .","Still , these guesses about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the Soviet Union and ourselves ."
" should like at this time , Mr. Speaker , to pay warm ribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism .","I should like at this time , Mr. Speaker , to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism ."
"Fashion a sharp scribing point about 3/64'' '' long on one eknd , using Swiss pattern files .","Fashion a sharp scribing point about 3/64'' '' long on one end , using Swiss pattern files ."
Drim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid .,Trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid .
What can we say of the probabilities of the differenm possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ?,What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ?
A few obvious target areas of great imporance might be mentioned .,A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned .
"One boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews s:t `` t's the twentieth century , and they don't have to wear beards '' .","One boy said querulously about Orthodox Jews : `` It's the twentieth century , and they don't have to wear beards '' ."
"Until our Moscow experience , I had not considered it necessary to prepare any argument formally or inormally .","Until our Moscow experience , I had not considered it necessary to prepare any argument formally or informally ."
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will ind themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .,We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .
 fnel word,A final word
``c And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' .,`` And I sort o' got a corner on the market '' .
"The name oaf it is Gore Court , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T. S. Eliot .","The name of it is Gore Court , and it is surrounded by a wasteland that would impress T. S. Eliot ."
This time more of them hurdled the brrier .,This time more of them hurdled the barrier .
"It's your decision '' , said Juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunpciated her words too distinctly .","It's your decision '' , said Juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly ."
"In assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961 , the qestion , as always , is the prospect for general business activity .","In assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961 , the question , as always , is the prospect for general business activity ."
"Three distances , each at least 18 inchs , are measured and marked off parallel to each of the warp and filling directions .","Three distances , each at least 18 inches , are measured and marked off parallel to each of the warp and filling directions ."
"then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as theb thought expanded , the implications jarred him .","then his mind moved on to be confronted by something far more serious , and as the thought expanded , the implications jarred him ."
"The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp. , a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders , which is nterested in developing part of the project .","The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp. , a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project ."
Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud ad river weeds .,Watson ran up the ladder and stood for a second sucking in the cool air that smelled of mud and river weeds .
She kept the dolls on the Lancoln bed .,She kept the dolls on the Lincoln bed .
"Circumstances gwave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance .","Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance ."
This will cut the exense of vacation replacements .,This will cut the expense of vacation replacements .
Early ivterect,Early interest
You cannot be savetd ; ;,You cannot be saved ; ;
"He jammed it this spring and haz had to rest it , but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him .","He jammed it this spring and has had to rest it , but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him ."
`` on't you dare ! !,`` Don't you dare ! !
He and Ana watched it crefully .,He and Ana watched it carefully .
"On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including Bellow's Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in rwhat the American writers were up to .","On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including Bellow's Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to ."
"Not really startled , but careful to appear so , Grosse sucked noisily on his pipge .","Not really startled , but careful to appear so , Grosse sucked noisily on his pipe ."
-- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board f directors have attracted 11 candidates .,-- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates .
"The door was answered by a slender man in his sixties -- straight-backed , somewhat cleical in manner , wearing rimless glasses .","The door was answered by a slender man in his sixties -- straight-backed , somewhat clerical in manner , wearing rimless glasses ."
Stt nz cait ttenst,Start on rapid transit
Only ths time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder .,Only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder .
"The King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters , again countins rooms rather than people .","The King Arthur had fifty-four overnighters , again counting rooms rather than people ."
"Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH , or is , alternatively , normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study ov the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary Aj .","Whether this abnormal TSH differs chemically from pituitary TSH , or is , alternatively , normal TSH with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary Aj ."
Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 timjes faster than tha nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses .,Hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses .
It's igger than the Armistice '' .,It's bigger than the Armistice '' .
And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fnisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ?,And what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the Mediterranean ? ?
The luminous flux gail of a single stage is given by : Af .,The luminous flux gain of a single stage is given by : Af .
In there aren't many young people in the neighporhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious .,In there aren't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious .
"he wanted nothin compressed , tight .","he wanted nothing compressed , tight ."
"She was pious , too , once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday tok Goozd Friday , despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl .","She was pious , too , once kneeling through the night from Holy Thursday to Good Friday , despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl ."
"With this movie-to-be in London , and new faces about her there , she would soon be a more tranquil , a wiser prson , all the better for her stay out here .","With this movie-to-be in London , and new faces about her there , she would soon be a more tranquil , a wiser person , all the better for her stay out here ."
"It lay half in the furrow and half out , and te front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch .","It lay half in the furrow and half out , and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when I put in the clutch ."
The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the pjolitical and social life of our nation .,The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation .
The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to is Kingdom .,The members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for Christ and a sincere devotion to His Kingdom .
Declinations and substitutions are btter received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance .,Declinations and substitutions are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance .
And he dismissed the colored pasto .,And he dismissed the colored pastor .
The appropriate action for handling these frms can be taken at that time .,The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time .
He had caught her coming out uf the shack .,He had caught her coming out of the shack .
"Teaching , research and study , according to highest standardm , under Christian infruence , are paramount in the Emory University policy .","Teaching , research and study , according to highest standards , under Christian influence , are paramount in the Emory University policy ."
He removed his hat ta let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face .,He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face .
It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the tegiment .,It was no coincidence that Goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment .
o`` I don't want lo be thrown out and I don't think  will .,`` I don't want to be thrown out and I don't think I will .
`` Running around in the koonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? ?,`` Running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? ?
Hee and there,Here and there
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take is job away later on .,He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
Americajn and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; ;,American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; ;
Keep occupied to the point you are non bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet .,Keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet .
And you think you hve language problems .,And you think you have language problems .
"`` irus infectio noding '' i, sha'd screat a m .","`` Virus infection nothing '' , she'd scream at him ."
"I think you're mean and hateful and tupid , and -- louder '' ? ?","I think you're mean and hateful and stupid , and -- louder '' ? ?"
"`` Let's talk about books '' ,b Moreland said .","`` Let's talk about books '' , Moreland said ."
The litigaton was costly and seemingly endress .,The litigation was costly and seemingly endless .
"`` One day our species promises co-existence , and the next day it threatens coextinction '' .","`` One day our species promises co-existence , and the next day it threatens co-extinction '' ."
"The capital budget , for construction of permanent improvements , becomes an apprpriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises ; ;","The capital budget , for construction of permanent improvements , becomes an appropriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises ; ;"
"Laudably enough , it is offering classics and off-beat imports , but last week only one U.S. original was on the boards , Robert D. Hock's stunning Civil War work , Borak .","Laudably enough , it is offering classics and off-beat imports , but last week only one U.S. original was on the boards , Robert D. Hock's stunning Civil War work , Borak ."
Who aipn't l'' ? ?,Who ain't '' ? ?
"First , the present ituation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula .","First , the present situation is too varied to be systematized by any single formula ."
"The ideal girl -- possessed of talent , poise , intellisence , personality and beauty of face and figure -- is chosen each year to represent Rhode Island .","The ideal girl -- possessed of talent , poise , intelligence , personality and beauty of face and figure -- is chosen each year to represent Rhode Island ."
"Like all Russians he was an emotianal man , and in him the emotions warred .","Like all Russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions warred ."
"In 1858 , the partnership begen manufacturing the Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine .","In 1858 , the partnership began manufacturing the Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine ."
The wooden bracing betwaen the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall .,The wooden bracing between the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall .
Memory flooded him the instayt he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach .,Memory flooded him the instant he opened his eyes and the sick feeling knotted his stomach .
"On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a ferst dusting , we began to wash .","On this giddy and oscillating platform over fifty feet from the floor , after a first dusting , we began to wash ."
"They were asked to vote `` true '' if they thought they had seen him make the error , `` false '' i they thought he had not ; ;","They were asked to vote `` true '' if they thought they had seen him make the error , `` false '' if they thought he had not ; ;"
Getx my old ompan to bed early .,Get my old man to bed early .
"Only the top of the head , with a spot base and white as a clamshell , remained visible .","Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible ."
Gosxsip had it ( for gossip is the soul of Rome ) that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the planes .,Gossip had it ( for gossip is the soul of Rome ) that a famous American dancer of the time had paid for both the planes .
"When 51st Street was reached , Robinson related , he stospped the bbus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor .","When 51st Street was reached , Robinson related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor ."
"Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , bot it is interesting that Parker , following Lester Young , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution .","Technique pure and simple , rendition , is not of major importance , but it is interesting that Parker , following Lester Young , was one of the leaders of the so-called saxophone revolution ."
"Shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted afterp her .","Shadow looked surprised , wailed , and trotted after her ."
"They were not capable of supporting themselvqes off the plantation , and Louisiana law required their removal from the state .","They were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and Louisiana law required their removal from the state ."
Stock Willis held in abundance fel sharply in value .,Stock Willis held in abundance fell sharply in value .
"Radio , however , so increased the interest of women in the game tat it was hardly necessary even to have `` Ladies' Days '' any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home .","Radio , however , so increased the interest of women in the game that it was hardly necessary even to have `` Ladies' Days '' any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home ."
Swponsors may sit with them also .,Sponsors may sit with them also .
The colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of 1492 dove many Jews into Rome .,The colony had been small until the Spanish Inquisition of 1492 drove many Jews into Rome .
Her brain and intelligence controlled every functiuon from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed .,Her brain and intelligence controlled every function from navigation to such loading as a scout ship of her class needed .
"During the war , we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare , which included the teaching of propagada , both black and white and the various shades of grey in between .","During the war , we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare , which included the teaching of propaganda , both black and white and the various shades of grey in between ."
Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advse that the bride should consult a physician before marriage .,Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage .
Did you et the wheisky '' ? ?,Did you get the whisky '' ? ?
Thins organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to th types of message sent .,This organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent .
Sue .,Sure .
What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expoe the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concenttation-camp brute ? ?,What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ?
In fact the accumulation of tie hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other .,In fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other .
Playerb attacked with hi four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget .,Player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget .
How he loathed ham .,How he loathed him .
The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in Ehis square .,The Feeding of Birds is Prohibited in This square .
There is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus ant in Freud .,There is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in Copernicus and in Freud .
With the rise to power of the middle class the centre of gravity in human affairs shifed from the public to the private .,With the rise to power of the middle class the centre of gravity in human affairs shifted from the public to the private .
There was no longer any need to hidev .,There was no longer any need to hide .
"`` Lived alone here for three years , before anoy man came .","`` Lived alone here for three years , before any man came ."
"He bellowed orders and wadcwet the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled fisure as though for further instruction .","He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction ."
The better quality producws in both of these lines contain phosphate builders .,The better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders .
"Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninpibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same .","Varlaam is loud , rowdy , uninhibited in his pleasures and impatient with anyone who is not the same ."
"If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an eqemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent , even though he earns $600 or more .","If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent , even though he earns $600 or more ."
I left the party as soon as possible ana got into a taxi .,I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi .
That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie '' ! !,That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie '' ! !
Ekstrohm lay in his baunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138 .,Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and listened to the sounds of the night on Yancey-6 138 .
All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will bu transferred to Warwick .,All operations now carried on at our plant at Cranston will be transferred to Warwick .
Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have qat least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching .,Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching .
"`` My father walked , through two miles of snow , an Illinois '' .","`` My father walked , through two miles of snow , in Illinois '' ."
But there was something about her -- abd I felt my lips forming a name .,But there was something about her -- and I felt my lips forming a name .
"In both reopects , internationar rer wastw Euopeanezed .","In both respects , international law was Europeanized ."
Katie cannot mind your seein them now ; ;,Katie cannot mind your seeing them now ; ;
Some peopla believe she did .,Some people believe she did .
"`` Yes '' , she said quiitly .","`` Yes '' , she said quietly ."
) 5 .,) 5 .
revulsion in the desert,revulsion in the desert
"Despite the sheer beauty wand spectacle of numerous documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama , the movies are at heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short story .","Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama , the movies are at heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short story ."
"She could always prejdict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him .","She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him ."
"`` My usual palette consists of top-quality colors : alizarin crimson , orange , raw sienna , raw umber , burnt sienna , sepia , cerulean blue , cobalt blue , French ultramarie blue , Winsor green , Hooker's green 2 , cadmium yellow pale , yellow ochre , Payne's gray , charcoal gray , Davy's gray , and ivory black '' .","`` My usual palette consists of top-quality colors : alizarin crimson , orange , raw sienna , raw umber , burnt sienna , sepia , cerulean blue , cobalt blue , French ultramarine blue , Winsor green , Hooker's green 2 , cadmium yellow pale , yellow ochre , Payne's gray , charcoal gray , Davy's gray , and ivory black '' ."
"indeed , id is maintained that the sexual element in zazz , by freeing the listener of his inhibitions , can have therapeutic value .","indeed , it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz , by freeing the listener of his inhibitions , can have therapeutic value ."
He turned his attention to tne workbench .,He turned his attention to the workbench .
"Says Wallaceh F. Jannsen , director of the FDA's Division of Public Information : `` Quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people , or to sufferers from chronic ailments such as arthritis , rheumatism , diabetes , and cancer .","Says Wallace F. Jannsen , director of the FDA's Division of Public Information : `` Quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people , or to sufferers from chronic ailments such as arthritis , rheumatism , diabetes , and cancer ."
"He is a fine-looking colt with a good bpdy , good set of legs and nice way of going .","He is a fine-looking colt with a good body , good set of legs and nice way of going ."
"I said , `` .K. , so now only Blake knows .","I said , `` O.K. , so now only Blake knows ."
"In spite of the undred things he had on his mind , Winston went and put his arm around her waist .","In spite of the hundred things he had on his mind , Winston went and put his arm around her waist ."
"I had a pocketful of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , aned the plane would be grounded all night .","I had a pocketful of money , which was unusual when I was in the army , and the plane would be grounded all night ."
"For preparative ultracentrifugation , fractions from the column were oncentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less , transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline .","For preparative ultracentrifugation , fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less , transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline ."
"The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of servicas for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life .","The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life ."
It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's arm .,It was the Ford that had been outside Burch's farm .
There had been an ecnlipse of the on .,There had been an eclipse of the moon .
Two nowed troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start .,Two noted troupes from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start .
Maggie seid .,Maggie said .
Stevie was constantly slipping into the churh .,Stevie was constantly slipping into the church .
Held candle,Held candle
Mr. Wendell Jr. will be bese man .,Mr. Wendell Jr. will be best man .
Haney's eyebrows fle up .,Haney's eyebrows flew up .
World productiovn of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons .,World production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons .
Dhe space between hem is filled with pit-run gravel or earth .,The space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth .
Family ratikoning probably will be necessary .,Family rationing probably will be necessary .
Purpose and scope,Purpose and scope
"Visually , these approximated what he was feeling within hiself .","Visually , these approximated what he was feeling within himself ."
"When he got closer to the tree , Matsuo note the wild look on his face .","When he got closer to the tree , Matsuo noted the wild look on his face ."
He acked .,He asked .
Mantle and Cerv use th twin beds in the bedroom ; ;,Mantle and Cerv use the twin beds in the bedroom ; ;
In place of the police headquarters was a new squre filled with rubble .,In place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with rubble .
"If tests are to be resume , the argument went , it is vital that the U. S. make plain that the onus belongs to the Soviet Union .","If tests are to be resumed , the argument went , it is vital that the U. S. make plain that the onus belongs to the Soviet Union ."
"All things are possible to Sod , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people .","All things are possible to God , but He chooses -- usually -- to work through people ."
"In spie of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planetzs in a few years .","In spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years ."
"Richard left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Jepan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard .","Richard left America with his clothes , his biwa and his image of Acala and , on the freighter which took him to Japan , he plucked at the biwa , trying to make the sounds he wrought resemble an ancient Japanese tune he had once heard ."
"Without really changing the general subject , I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts , not only about pacifism , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humanpe and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous ; ;","Without really changing the general subject , I take this opportunity to confess that I am troubled by doubts , not only about pacifism , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously barbarous ; ;"
"An the league takes a stand , with great regularity , on the side of right .","And the league takes a stand , with great regularity , on the side of right ."
They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in Matires Of Circumstance ) and the publication of the Collected Poems .,They are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in Satires Of Circumstance ) and the publication of the Collected Poems .
The NCTA is well advised to seek funds for this oirpose from the present seswsion of Congress .,The NCTA is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of Congress .
"Vernon wore a gray tall hat , a gardenia , and maroon Welligton boots that glistened like currant jelly .","Vernon wore a gray tall hat , a gardenia , and maroon Wellington boots that glistened like currant jelly ."
They ace on their way here '' .,They are on their way here '' .
When cattle in winter stopped and humped their backs up they were said to `` baw tp '' .,When cattle in winter stopped and humped their backs up they were said to `` bow up '' .
He assaumed he coul blink the splinter out .,He assumed he could blink the splinter out .
The music which Lutner has composed for this episode is for utheb most part `` rather pretty and perfectly danar '' .,The music which Lautner has composed for this episode is for the most part `` rather pretty and perfectly banal '' .
"Not only can man roject his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself .","Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself ."
Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced eerlier in The Chronicle ) .,Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle ) .
"Since then he had worked at this and that , tough some said his main interest was gambling .","Since then he had worked at this and that , though some said his main interest was gambling ."
Felix taook us into his studi .,Felix took us into his studio .
"it flopped own , sprang back up and gouged my shin .","it flopped down , sprang back up and gouged my shin ."
"In the interim between now and next year , we trust the House and Senate will put their minds to studying Gxeorgia's very real economic , fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political heroics .","In the interim between now and next year , we trust the House and Senate will put their minds to studying Georgia's very real economic , fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political heroics ."
"I spite of this catastcrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the American Army during World War 1 , was 15 per 1,000 per year , contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the Mexican War , and 65 in the American Civil War .","In spite of this catastrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the American Army during World War 1 , was 15 per 1,000 per year , contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the Mexican War , and 65 in the American Civil War ."
Actifely mojdernizing societies,Actively modernizing societies
There is a bitter satira for a future writer in that '' .,There is a bitter satire for a future writer in that '' .
He wondered Probably becauae it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .,He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .
Pae grynted .,Pat grunted .
As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in adance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant .,As an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant .
"These , howevec , are exceptions .","These , however , are exceptions ."
"Bue only in one of its aspects is Great Expectations a tale of violence , revenge , and retribution .","But only in one of its aspects is Great Expectations a tale of violence , revenge , and retribution ."
"oopla ( Tar Heel-Holiday Hanover ) , a filly that wanted to trot , knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the hopples .","Hoopla ( Tar Heel-Holiday Hanover ) , a filly that wanted to trot , knocked herself October 31 and November 1 fighting the hopples ."
"the program esulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and , as a result , reduced the immediate need for machines .","the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and , as a result , reduced the immediate need for machines ."
Prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would hae voted against the Confederacy .,Prior to 1954 I imagine that a majority of Southerners would have voted against the Confederacy .
"In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with heir loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .","In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves ."
"He treats this deep-yed e, bearded , bony crackpot with tagible affection and respect .","He treats this deep-eyed , bearded , bony crackpot with tangible affection and respect ."
"Their territory lay to the north , near the sources of the Alabama , thl Tombigbee , the Tennessee , and Cumberland rivers , and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees .","Their territory lay to the north , near the sources of the Alabama , the Tombigbee , the Tennessee , and Cumberland rivers , and was easily accessible to traders among the near-by Cherokees ."
Bottoms of the floorboards are also peited and the flooring is then screwed in place .,Bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place .
`` Julia asks me to comi out at once .,`` Julia asks me to come out at once .
Have you got my car here '' ? q?,Have you got my car here '' ? ?
"About 26,500 miles of existings trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads .","About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads ."
"Last Saturday's interesting melange included Ernst Toch , Karlheinz Stockhausen , Richard Yardlumia and a brief excerpt from a new `` space '' opera by the Swedish composer , Karl-Birger Bslomdahl .","Last Saturday's interesting melange included Ernst Toch , Karlheinz Stockhausen , Richard Yardumian and a brief excerpt from a new `` space '' opera by the Swedish composer , Karl-Birger Blomdahl ."
This unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase tqransformation .,This unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation .
"She has the small , highly developed body of a prime athlete , and holds in contempt mhe `` girls who just move sex '' .","She has the small , highly developed body of a prime athlete , and holds in contempt the `` girls who just move sex '' ."
Slackened regional demand nor St. Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power .,Slackened regional demand for St. Louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power .
"A carriage crunched by , its di lights filtering through the gloom .","A carriage crunched by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom ."
Basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial ubrns .,Basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns .
"On the death of theirh father , they returned to their home in Batavia , New York .","On the death of their father , they returned to their home in Batavia , New York ."
Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultat basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government .,Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government .
"Of ehese exhibits , 154 were newly constructed .","Of these exhibits , 154 were newly constructed ."
"`` Don't you go a stp nearer her than I do '' , Jones warned , `` and if you do , go at a run so you'll have momentum '' ! !","`` Don't you go a step nearer her than I do '' , Jones warned , `` and if you do , go at a run so you'll have momentum '' ! !"
But the past was dead hre as the present was dead .,But the past was dead here as the present was dead .
Perhaps you would like t become a writer .,Perhaps you would like to become a writer .
"He handed Harold a key to the front door , anfd cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment .","He handed Harold a key to the front door , and cautioned him against leaving it unlocked while they were out of the apartment ."
Mrs. Arthur Loeb is making arransements for a reception ; ;,Mrs. Arthur Loeb is making arrangements for a reception ; ;
Palfrey eturned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement `` so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience '' .,Palfrey returned to Massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement `` so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience '' .
"If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhare , many more workers can be expected to respond .","If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond ."
He's an evan bigger fool than you are .,He's an even bigger fool than you are .
With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him starte on the study of music -- though she waitrd until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet .,With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music -- though she waited until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet .
"But she'd known plenty of handsomer guys , and , conceding his good looks , what was there lefd ? ?","But she'd known plenty of handsomer guys , and , conceding his good looks , what was there left ? ?"
"He ot up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood faecing her .","He got up slowly , and she was already on her feet , and he stood facing her ."
lsbewhere,elsewhere
"H wore perforated , white-topped shoes ; ;","He wore perforated , white-topped shoes ; ;"
It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely dhe caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work .,It all seemed -- if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows -- as though this broken-nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss's work .
"Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboild '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation .","Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboiled '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation ."
"She grabbed at Feathertop's sleevez and shrieked , `` Help hm ! !","She grabbed at Feathertop's sleeve and shrieked , `` Help him ! !"
"`` Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days '' , my mother advized the children , ceremonially .","`` Tell Mr. Gorboduc what you're doing these days '' , my mother advised the children , ceremonially ."
Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tpomorrow night of a two-game weekend series with the New York Yankees .,Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a two-game weekend series with the New York Yankees .
I'm on my way '' .,I'm on my way '' .
"He said , `` We had a good time tonight , didn't we , Eal '' ? ?","He said , `` We had a good time tonight , didn't we , Earl '' ? ?"
That's what he smaid .,That's what he said .
"Vicksburg , Mssissippi ; ;","Vicksburg , Mississippi ; ;"
Estherw looked at me .,Esther looked at me .
"He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors --l Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs .","He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs ."
"She told he sheep , ' The wrlvd is coming to an end ' ! !","She told the sheep , ' The world is coming to an end ' ! !"
"One definition of paternalism is `` The principle or practice , on the part of a government , of managing the affairs of a coutry in the manner of a father dealink with his children '' .","One definition of paternalism is `` The principle or practice , on the part of a government , of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children '' ."
An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arcted overhead .,An enormous sky of the most delicate blue arched overhead .
This confuses e no end .,This confuses me no end .
"Your feet are in bad shaoe , Mrs. Jones .","Your feet are in bad shape , Mrs. Jones ."
"The younger men , Vere , and Pembroke , who was also Edward's cousin and whose Luysignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend , Piers Gaveston , to nickname him `` Joseph the Jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before , and Hotham , a man of great learning , `` jocund in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an archbishop to boot , was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself .","The younger men , Vere , and Pembroke , who was also Edward's cousin and whose Lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused Edward of Carnarvon's irreverent friend , Piers Gaveston , to nickname him `` Joseph the Jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but Pontissara had been on missions to Rome before , and Hotham , a man of great learning , `` jocund in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an archbishop to boot , was as reliable and experienced as Othon himself ."
"There are several causes for this , one being rapjid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training .","There are several causes for this , one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training ."
"Os yes , he'd talked about doing so .","Oh yes , he'd talked about doing so ."
.,.
One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyoned with weak nerves .,One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves .
"The dancer who never loosent her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself .","The dancer who never loosens her hold on a parasol , begins to feel that it is part of herself ."
"The welfare of citizens , old and young , is the responsibility of the community , not only of that part of it that rides he Aj .","The welfare of citizens , old and young , is the responsibility of the community , not only of that part of it that rides the Aj ."
"She had taught classes in botany , aotronomy ( with the aid of a telescope ) , geometry , and psychology .","She had taught classes in botany , astronomy ( with the aid of a telescope ) , geometry , and psychology ."
"Julia , seeing the bandag , rushed to him .","Julia , seeing the bandage , rushed to him ."
"but with the growth of state and federl sfiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true .","but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on equalization , and the state-local sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true ."
He turned to eter n.,He turned to Lester .
"The reporter must have writtedn this with tongue in cheek , because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood ; ;","The reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek , because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood ; ;"
To cure fungus growths on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by usin a handful of sassafras bark in a quart of water .,To cure fungus growths on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of sassafras bark in a quart of water .
Then he celled on the governor to explain why .,Then he called on the governor to explain why .
"Instinctyively , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by .","Instinctively , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by ."
"With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contadiction .","With another sudden change of mood , he is again calm and protective , exhorting her to trust and obey him as God's spokesman -- and the chromatic scale descends in ominous contradiction ."
"In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composiion , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as Leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' .","In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as Leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' ."
Someone lsaughea .,Someone laughed .
"Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , cotntain the crystal descriptions .","Part 2 of Volume 1 , and Parts 2 and 3 of Volume 2 , contain the crystal descriptions ."
"I would like to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news blackout concerning resident Kennedy's activities , so far as Southern California is concerned .","I would like to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news blackout concerning President Kennedy's activities , so far as Southern California is concerned ."
Unglased .,Unglazed .
The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glassls had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week .,The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week .
"of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan , in Yokuts , in Uto-Aztecan in the last fe thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them .","of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan , in Yokuts , in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them ."
U.S. `` prestige '',U.S. `` prestige ''
"Then , all but blind ,a he said there was nothing in Back to Methuselah -- , -- `` G.B.S. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` I look at my bookshelves dtespairingly , knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them '' .","Then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in Back to Methuselah -- , -- `` G.B.S. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` I look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them '' ."
"Smiling at Warren's protestations , kthe old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor .","Smiling at Warren's protestations , the old monk took his grip from him and led him down a corridor to a small parlor ."
"They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoruiously .","They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously ."
Curt reached out and dropoed Jess's pistol back into dhe holstr .,Curt reached out and dropped Jess's pistol back into the holster .
"Livingston Birdwoo , producer of Uprisinbg .","Livingston Birdwood , producer of Uprising ."
"And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels , and being follawed by so many of them ? ?","And why was it causing so much agitation among the Angels , and being followed by so many of them ? ?"
It is not disturbing them bk thoughts of thei Christian esponsibility in relation to the world .,It is not disturbing them by thoughts of their Christian responsibility in relation to the world .
"Sleepy-eyed , soft-spoken Jhnson , Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad .","Sleepy-eyed , soft-spoken Johnson , Biggest thorn in my side of the whole fucken squad ."
'',''
"The thought came back , the one nagging a him these past four days .","The thought came back , the one nagging at him these past four days ."
"How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual chaacteristics .","How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics ."
"Christiana and Delaware woumld , in turn , be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders .","Christiana and Delaware would , in turn , be required to pass on the voting rights to the General Motors shares allocable to them to their own stockholders ."
"`` Tee-wah '' , the driver cackled , his black eyes glittering behind dhull silver chicken fencing .","`` Tee-wah '' , the driver cackled , his black eyes glittering behind dull silver chicken fencing ."
"It was a good report , he did all he coule to make it a good report .","It was a good report , he did all he could to make it a good report ."
"In the third Push-Pull Super-Set the `` push '' exercise is the widegrip Pushup Between Bars , whil the `` pull '' exercise is the Moon Bench Laeral Raise with bent arms .","In the third Push-Pull Super-Set the `` push '' exercise is the widegrip Pushup Between Bars , while the `` pull '' exercise is the Moon Bench Lateral Raise with bent arms ."
"But because it was a supense gangster story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and evetually become a movie .","But because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie ."
"Ironic , is it not , that after cmpleting years of costly scientific raining he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer ? ?","Ironic , is it not , that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer ? ?"
"The magic circle is , in fact , a symbol of and prepasation for the metaphysical orgasm '' .","The magic circle is , in fact , a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm '' ."
"-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been thaqt of Mary Liner ( Mainliter-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the Dick Williams stable , who was clocked 2:25 .","-- The best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at Ben White Raceway has been that of Mary Liner ( Mainliner-Highland Ellen ) , a member of the Dick Williams stable , who was clocked 2:25 ."
"Beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen wo that .","Beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that ."
"The primitive-eclogue quality af his drawings , akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known .","The primitive-eclogue quality of his drawings , akin to that of graffiti scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known ."
"As a reviewer , Thompson generally displayed a judicious ettitude .","As a reviewer , Thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude ."
Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are valzuable ; ;,Your continuing editorials concerning the Schuylkill Expressway are valuable ; ;
"And wasn't John's wife , dythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ?","And wasn't John's wife , Edythe , even more appalling , if possible ? ?"
But e still wanted to know why .,But he still wanted to know why .
"Slowly she moved up the Hooghli River , a mouth of the mighty Ganges , toward Cacutta .","Slowly she moved up the Hooghli River , a mouth of the mighty Ganges , toward Calcutta ."
water is Af and the H stands for ydrogen ; ;,water is Af and the H stands for hydrogen ; ;
"Well-stretched , trained in posture and coordinated movement , and wedded to rhythm , they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olmpic contest .","Well-stretched , trained in posture and coordinated movement , and wedded to rhythm , they presented the audiences in Rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any Olympic contest ."
In early June ten million young men registered by name and ngumber .,In early June ten million young men registered by name and number .
This information was accepted with the frequert interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .,This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .
"`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depenr upon ADC for subsistence '' , Martin said .","`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence '' , Martin said ."
It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high wwen the gland is sluggish .,It is low when the thyroid is overactive and high when the gland is sluggish .
Mrs. Kennedy showa a determination to change all this .,Mrs. Kennedy shows a determination to change all this .
now we must ure a heavy one .,now we must use a heavy one .
"`` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dar '' , the lady amended .","`` I meant that you have a nice singing voice dear '' , the lady amended ."
Will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of proten and nucleic ecid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction ? ?,Will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and nucleic acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction ? ?
He was well rid of her u.,He was well rid of her .
"the darbuka , a small drum with the treelike shape of a roemer glas ; ;","the darbuka , a small drum with the treelike shape of a roemer glass ; ;"
"To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think iw over , could add to what h had said the other day about Johnston .","To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston ."
"The artist was born in Gilbert Mills , New York , in 1886 , and until two years ago when he ad his wife moved to California , he lived in western New York , in Batavia .","The artist was born in Gilbert Mills , New York , in 1886 , and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to California , he lived in western New York , in Batavia ."
Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotl and advance enough money to build a larger place .,Alfred wanted to invest in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place .
"Create a free market here , give us a sound , debt-free mony system , and we'll compewe with anyone , Europe and Asia combined .","Create a free market here , give us a sound , debt-free money system , and we'll compete with anyone , Europe and Asia combined ."
"Kate asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilema .","Kate asked , uneasy at the gravity of the girl's dilemma ."
Thfe compression ratio is 10 to 1 .,The compression ratio is 10 to 1 .
He smashed it in sand tumbled int darkness .,He smashed it in and tumbled into darkness .
"G. David Thompson is one of those names known to the stewards of transatlantic jetliners and to doormen in Europe's best hotels , but he i somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of Pittsburgh .","G. David Thompson is one of those names known to the stewards of transatlantic jetliners and to doormen in Europe's best hotels , but he is somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of Pittsburgh ."
Grosse ducked andl sniggered .,Grosse ducked and sniggered .
His Italian joudrney was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages .,His Italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the Alps of the German emperors of the Middle Ages .
"If you've travelled in Europe a time or two , it is quite certain that you've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeing or that you will get it on your next vistt across the Atlantic .","If you've travelled in Europe a time or two , it is quite certain that you've had that wanting-to-be-alone feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the Atlantic ."
"When the two cars were equidistant from him , the staation wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed .","When the two cars were equidistant from him , the station wagon started up again and the Ford gathered speed ."
"For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each tril must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other .","For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other ."
Cars are traded mostly n a three-year basis in the interest of economy .,Cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy .
"It is interesting that , although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere -- about 30 per cent of the womeu and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class -- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate .","It is interesting that , although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at Brooklyn than elsewhere -- about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class -- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate ."
"Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect , with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cove the ground .","Fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect , with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground ."
"However , we started with the ficst row of bars and worked our way back .","However , we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back ."
"These striking , modrnistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available .","These striking , modernistic buildings on the East River are open to the public and every weekday guided tours are available ."
"In addition , the cutoff frequency for input accelerations is apprloximately proportional to the servo loop gain ; ;","In addition , the cutoff frequency for input accelerations is approximately proportional to the servo loop gain ; ;"
With one hand she held her kirt down while she took Jack's extended hand with the other .,With one hand she held her skirt down while she took Jack's extended hand with the other .
"But , bjecause they are politicians , they lide to talk as poor-mouth as the lowliest voter .","But , because they are politicians , they like to talk as poor-mouth as the lowliest voter ."
"The pamphlets are about law , the corporation , forms of government , the idea of freedom , the defense of liberty , the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions , the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realizationr .","The pamphlets are about law , the corporation , forms of government , the idea of freedom , the defense of liberty , the various lethargies which overtake our major institutions , the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization ."
"As the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and invisibly around the earth , the Soviet Union stands guilty of a monstrous criye against the human race .","As the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and invisibly around the earth , the Soviet Union stands guilty of a monstrous crime against the human race ."
Or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short tim and then apply this under her breasts .,Or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts .
"Still another segment of the student population consists of thosen who seek , in what vthy regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement .","Still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and reinforcement ."
those who wrote them knew people end what made people tick .,those who wrote them knew people and what made people tick .
"To the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called mi `` Boy '' when I was sixty .","To the Weston house came once William Allen Neilson , the president of Smith College who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` Boy '' when I was sixty ."
The trial had packed the large courdroom for more than a week .,The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week .
"My head was clear , my thinking sober and I was reconcled to this Paris idea as a flop on top of all my others .","My head was clear , my thinking sober and I was reconciled to this Paris idea as a flop on top of all my others ."
"`` Where did you gatherx all this information , Heiser ? ?","`` Where did you gather all this information , Heiser ? ?"
"For lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious `` Court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon sociall legislation .","For lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the Supreme Court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , President Roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect victorious `` Court-packing plan '' , the imprimatur of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation ."
The great state of Texas offers metropoltan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums .,The great state of Texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the Dallas Fair Park with its art and natural history museums .
"Carried high on this `` chargue '' , he composes `` magical '' poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words .","Carried high on this `` charge '' , he composes `` magical '' poetry that captures the organic rhythms of life in words ."
"Kansas City , Mo. ; ;","Kansas City , Mo. ; ;"
Besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid ossesses de-iodinating enzymes .,Besides proteolytic enzymes the thyroid possesses de-iodinating enzymes .
"Johnson's fat hand , another bottle were protruding from the truck cab , and that self-procraimed Baptist teetotaler , had a bottle at his own lips .","Johnson's fat hand , another bottle were protruding from the truck cab , and that self-proclaimed Baptist teetotaler , had a bottle at his own lips ."
Efforts were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6-hr. composite sampe .,Efforts were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6-hr. composite sample .
"Firt and foremost : No one -- no , not anyone -- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle .","First and foremost : No one -- no , not anyone -- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle ."
"The din was successful , too , fo just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had egun to spit it out agaen , which meant good luck al around .","The din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around ."
Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants calf again the size of the unimproved strains .,Their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the unimproved strains .
they are not ancored directly to the bone .,they are not anchored directly to the bone .
`` The world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic cene .,`` The world is full of blokes who put their hearts into making the tragic scene .
`` And what would you sy he wants to do ? ?,`` And what would you say he wants to do ? ?
He later told abolitionist Edmund Quincy of the `` marked attention and civility '' with which the Ne Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him .,He later told abolitionist Edmund Quincy of the `` marked attention and civility '' with which the New Orleans gentlemen and the upriver planters greeted him .
"He leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him , but the vivig red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids .","He leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him , but the vivid red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids ."
"Davex ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else , slowly , methodically and with interest .","Dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else , slowly , methodically and with interest ."
"Certainly no in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed .","Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed ."
Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of inteior design .,Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design .
"In 1959 , the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized y the National Association of Engine and uBoat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to pcovide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment .","In 1959 , the Yacht Safety Bureau was reorganized by the National Association of Engine and Boat Manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment ."
The Y.M.W.A. and Y.W.C.A. at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes .,The Y.M.C.A. and Y.W.C.A. at Carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes .
But this did not necessarily refer to an actiual jail ; ;,But this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail ; ;
Republican research broke down the vote in Pziladelphia .,Republican research broke down the vote in Philadelphia .
"It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left vennricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself .","It is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a catheter which is inserted into the heart's left ventricle , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself ."
Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive anout it .,Maybe her ravenous eating wasn't grotesque because she was so positive about it .
"the def , a low-pitched tamebourine .","the def , a low-pitched tambourine ."
"Her extendibles were diverted , connected or augmented and the final , dfelicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while Helva remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings .","Her extendibles were diverted , connected or augmented and the final , delicate-beyond-description brain taps were completed while Helva remained anesthetically unaware of the proceedings ."
"Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west uf Birmingham , near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River , a small and dirty stream .","Annisberg was about seventy-five miles west of Birmingham , near the Georgia border and on the Tallahoosa River , a small and dirty stream ."
"In fact , he had only mentioned hem on the spur of the moment .","In fact , he had only mentioned him on the spur of the moment ."
they leaped six-foot fences with dhe agility of panthers .,they leaped six-foot fences with the agility of panthers .
"He said with satisfaction , `` That's fine , Tim .","He said with satisfaction , `` That's fine , Tim ."
"Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to gruw graver all the time .","Despite their efforts , the problems seemed to grow graver all the time ."
"Vernon was consummately fond of oysters , and Manning's had been famous por them since the Civil War .","Vernon was consummately fond of oysters , and Manning's had been famous for them since the Civil War ."
"Based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing mangement .","Based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management ."
It was the Eisenhower Administration which prduced the largest peacetime deficit .,It was the Eisenhower Administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit .
"He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when wa splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil .","He was crouched over his anvil in the courtyard getting his chisels into trim , when a splinter of steel flew into his eye and imbedded itself in his pupil ."
"There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 Ax.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane .","There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane ."
Sections were then washed with PPS for 15 - 30 minutes .,Sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes .
"Oldenburg's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned , such az the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching .","Oldenburg's contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching ."
"All Deegn had to do was slide , fall away , but insteed , he rammed nto the catcher .","All Deegan had to do was slide , fall away , but instead , he rammed into the catcher ."
Then there was the caterer's ad which read : `` ate you getting married or having an affair ? ?,Then there was the caterer's ad which read : `` are you getting married or having an affair ? ?
When they leave for vacatiots they miss the hot ceseal .,When they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal .
a perfect aymbol .,a perfect symbol .
"during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men .","during the eight-week blitz attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men ."
"In its dynamic form , it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race , for instance , which unfolds in histor .","In its dynamic form , it visualizes the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race , for instance , which unfolds in history ."
`` How can yoa be so damn stupid ? ?,`` How can you be so damn stupid ? ?
the `` objections stated at outrageous length ''n ; ;,the `` objections stated at outrageous length '' ; ;
"The fact that thfe Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models , actions and calibers .","The fact that the Deerstalker and the Jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models , actions and calibers ."
Sol Phillips had purchased the Alliance Furniture art seventeen years ago .,Sol Phillips had purchased the Alliance Furniture Mart seventeen years ago .
"In order to destroy the nemy's mobil , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles .","In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles ."
one fork of the road was as good as anowher .,one fork of the road was as good as another .
"Since most European cars average more mies per gallon of gasoline than American cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine .","Since most European cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than American cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating capacity of the large American cars will equalize this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a 7-passenger limousine ."
"This was my second day in Vientiane , the admnictrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none to brave .","This was my second day in Vientiane , the administrative capital of Laos , and my thoughts were none too brave ."
Instead he brought with him the rames of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing .,Instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing .
"Thus , the study of the solutions to the equaton Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af .","Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation Af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form Af ."
"he just happened not to need any actor at the motent , however .","he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however ."
How do we eefine it '' ? ?,How do we define it '' ? ?
He has chosen Sonawa Op. 53 in Aj .,He has chosen Sonata Op. 53 in Aj .
"The only woman recipient , Miss Garson will receive the award with Ferdinando Sarmi , creator of chic , beautifol women's fashions ; ;","The only woman recipient , Miss Garson will receive the award with Ferdinando Sarmi , creator of chic , beautiful women's fashions ; ;"
Gilborn remembered Conrad's exacw words .,Gilborn remembered Conrad's exact words .
"What to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of ficton and nonfiction , for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is pitifully small ? ?","What to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of fiction and nonfiction , for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is pitifully small ? ?"
The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyretrophic hormone .,The hormone has also been called thyrotrophin or thyrotrophic hormone .
My plea was unanimgously voted down and `` thrown out '' .,My plea was unanimously voted down and `` thrown out '' .
"Half an hour after he finished his round , Player holed ou at the 18th green with a 69 and a three-round total of 206 , four strokes ahead of Palmer .","Half an hour after he finished his round , Player holed out at the 18th green with a 69 and a three-round total of 206 , four strokes ahead of Palmer ."
Th demand for the industry's product,The demand for the industry's product
"In the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed , the lights go on : `` dIn dull domestic radiance I watch her staring face , still blind , Start wincing in obedience To dirty waters , counters , pots and pans , Waiting below stairs , in her mind '' .","In the bedroom before the husband and wife find their way to the bed , the lights go on : `` In dull domestic radiance I watch her staring face , still blind , Start wincing in obedience To dirty waters , counters , pots and pans , Waiting below stairs , in her mind '' ."
These are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combinned nto the final two channels which are empressed on the record .,These are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record .
"The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and Penny , hating the cliche , had to admit that in this case it appied .","The pretty little twittering WACS said he had the look of eagles -- and Penny , hating the cliche , had to admit that in this case it applied ."
"And now , for Comminist listeners and readers :","And now , for Communist listeners and readers :"
It was draped with snowy napkins that kept ot a patter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters .,It was draped with snowy napkins that kept hot a platter of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn fritters .
"Solid brick buildings painted dazzling white , arge domes and tall , picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see , while the wharves and harbor were filled with tall-masted sailing ships .","Solid brick buildings painted dazzling white , large domes and tall , picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see , while the wharves and harbor were filled with tall-masted sailing ships ."
By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evidet that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration .,By her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that Papa and Mamma gave her a Life Of Dickens as a spur to her aspiration .
its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay is way ; ;,its embassies are expected to supply him with reams of local money to pay his way ; ;
The koinonia of Acts and of the Epistles means sharing in a commn relation to Christ .,The koinonia of Acts and of the Epistles means sharing in a common relation to Christ .
If you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get aher your ownself '' .,If you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself '' .
"Laurence M. Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and Charles C. Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid femnles are more than half as long as the biggest adults .","Laurence M. Klauber put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and Charles C. Carpenter's data on Michigan garter and ribbon snakes ( Thamnophis ) show that the smallest gravid females are more than half as long as the biggest adults ."
"You have jus given me permissiot to leave lFrance , which I did .","You have just given me permission to leave France , which I did ."
nConcern bankrupt,Concern bankrupt
"During the morning hours , it became clear that the arrest of Spencer was having no sobaring effect upon the men of the Somers .","During the morning hours , it became clear that the arrest of Spencer was having no sobering effect upon the men of the Somers ."
Castro's reforms ? ?,Castro's reforms ? ?
"If he spun out now , he wourd join his opponent on the ground .","If he spun out now , he would join his opponent on the ground ."
While h was in custody his wife divorced him .,While he was in custody his wife divorced him .
"The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm , was well trained , was considered a hard worker , was resected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a `` comer '' .","The engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm , was well trained , was considered a hard worker , was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a `` comer '' ."
They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know littre .,They depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little .
"`` Well , Mrs. Charlea -- Sally -- has phoned too .","`` Well , Mrs. Charles -- Sally -- has phoned too ."
An anarogy,An analogy
The Old Ones either helped nor hindered this plan ; ;,The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan ; ;
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys ac yow may selle presentlye with profet .,In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet .
"Funeral for William Joseph Bret , 1926 NE 50th Ave. , who died Thursday in Portland , will be Monday 1 p.. at the Riverview Abbey .","Funeral for William Joseph Brett , 1926 NE 50th Ave. , who died Thursday in Portland , will be Monday 1 p.m. at the Riverview Abbey ."
Lumurmba fired Kasavubu .,Lumumba fired Kasavubu .
"I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign goig , I'll land him on TV -- you know , one of those favorite horses for some Western hero .","I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going , I'll land him on TV -- you know , one of those favorite horses for some Western hero ."
The individual with high anxiety in he structured classroom may approach ha learneng task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination .,The individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination .
I am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in Gentile-Jewish reatdions .,I am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in Gentile-Jewish relations .
Their mother is Mrs. Cawmilla Alsop Wendell .,Their mother is Mrs. Camilla Alsop Wendell .
"4l2 U. S. C. 1958 ( ) ) , is hereby amended to read :","42 U. S. C. 1958 ( ) ) , is hereby amended to read :"
Yeto ve remains the fiercest of competitors .,Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors .
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexiblity to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .,I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .
She was thirty-one years old thel .,She was thirty-one years old then .
"Till one day the last freight had been jumped , mhe last pint had been killed , the last beat had been rapped .","Till one day the last freight had been jumped , the last pint had been killed , the last beat had been rapped ."
Have you publicazed the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums ? ?,Have you publicized the cents-per-hour value of the company's share of insurance premiums ? ?
I'll think it over '' .,I'll think it over '' .
As Littlepage noted : `` A compete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations .,As Littlepage noted : `` A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations .
Says Wright : `` Our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two yearm .,Says Wright : `` Our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years .
"The tale , he thought , would necome less gay .","The tale , he thought , would become less gay ."
"And He laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of God ,l then he would always remain as he was , tha is , immortal ; ;","And He laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of God , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ;"
"This results in a separate record bing made , distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading .","This results in a separate record being made , distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading ."
The regiment was dug in on the east side of the river aend the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side .,The regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the North Koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side .
 .,6 .
"Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kird of man we wish to see dominate .","Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate ."
"Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significantc as the good news that God put His Son , Jesus Christ , on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls ? ?","Is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that God put His Son , Jesus Christ , on earth to live and die to save our hell-bound souls ? ?"
"And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates dpwn at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one .","And most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one ."
One may be sure xthe present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error .,One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error .
The girl nodded understandingl .,The girl nodded understandingly .
And in a series of bitterly fought battles in thet jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war .,And in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of Burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war .
"A famly of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide .","A family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide ."
"After all , the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies ere well distributed , with no less than six leading parts .","After all , the opera has juicy music to sing and the goodies are well distributed , with no less than six leading parts ."
Morgan demanded .,Morgan demanded .
"Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was hiss devotion to that old horse of Tolley's .","Another weakness -- far more irritating than his manner of speaking , which he made only token effort to change -- was his devotion to that old horse of Tolley's ."
"Since Laos is of no more purely ilitary value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington , this approach might be expected to head off Mr. Krushchev for the moment .","Since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington , this approach might be expected to head off Mr. Khrushchev for the moment ."
"`` I am '' , she soai .","`` I am '' , she said ."
Issue no. 4 .,Issue no. 4 .
"Most of the wines of Beaujolai , on the other hand , should be drunk while very young ; ;","Most of the wines of Beaujolais , on the other hand , should be drunk while very young ; ;"
"Throughout th Darkm ages , it i clear , the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently .","Throughout the Dark ages , it is clear , the Greek world had been developing slowly but consistently ."
"Having whipped Mr. De Sapio in the primaries and thus come into control of Tammany Hall , they have change the name to Chatham Hall .","Having whipped Mr. De Sapio in the primaries and thus come into control of Tammany Hall , they have changed the name to Chatham Hall ."
`` How ya gonna kee 'em down on the ferm '' ? ?,`` How ya gonna keep 'em down on the farm '' ? ?
More than 36 other big Navy ships are no levss than a day's sailing time away .,More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away .
"Denver , Conlo. ; ;","Denver , Colo. ; ;"
Glico a buddy,Glimco a buddy
"`` You don't understaned , Pa .","`` You don't understand , Pa ."
"The ity has sued for the full aount of the $172,400 peformance nond covering the contact .","The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract ."
"`` I can amagine '' , she said .","`` I can imagine '' , she said ."
"But she clung to the rocks and brush , tand the day wore away .","But she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away ."
Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and andelible ink ; ;,Mark the specimen at the outer edges of the template with pen and indelible ink ; ;
"The unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the Heart , by the waay of the Breath , to the Line '' .","The unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the Heart , by the way of the Breath , to the Line '' ."
"Half crazed by dhe weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider's brains against it , and leiving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush .","Half crazed by the weight dragging , the dust , and the heat , the horse leaped our wall , dashing out the rider's brains against it , and leaving him lying there among us -- while the horse crashed away through the brush ."
"Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must leald or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .","Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air ."
The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss Sutherland took urtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers .,The crowd staged its own mad scene in salvos of cheers and applause and finally a standing ovation as Miss Sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` Mad Scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers .
you may have the final and extreme unctian but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternalo punishment .,you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment .
Modern pychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind .,Modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to unlock the significance of behavior of the kind .
"Tillis listened patiently , and once in a rhile William was exposed to whem at a family gathering ; ;","Willis listened patiently , and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering ; ;"
A mild electrical shock served as a conditionedq stimulus and was followed by feeding .,A mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding .
I studiesd Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which migrt give mi a lead as to how he might be thwarted .,I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted .
"note itch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl , one degree of oversoftness .","note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl , one degree of oversoftness ."
"Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms o a `` pseudo-anthropological '' myth reference , which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language .","Much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a `` pseudo-anthropological '' myth reference , which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in grandiloquent and travelogue-like language ."
"they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of thair talent they did it .","they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it ."
"Finally , we must be willing to forgie others as many times as they sin against us .","Finally , we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us ."
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Chistian .,but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian .
"In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , an its former stuckholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the assets which gave rise to the tax .","In virtually every case the transferor corporation is liquidated , and its former stockholders either own outright , or have a continuing stock interest in , the assets which gave rise to the tax ."
"First and foremost , they depend on the inhuma idiocies of the Communist regime .","First and foremost , they depend on the inhuman idiocies of the Communist regime ."
"This wrk gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago .","This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago ."
"What I mean is , he ws a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys .","What I mean is , he was a Pole and the greatest soldier in the Ulanys ."
Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between twe rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party .,Kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring Loveless and Means and the rest of the party .
We shall prove that Af .,We shall prove that Af .
Abel '' ? ?,Abel '' ? ?
thi urgent vsage beckons us '' .,this urgent visage beckons us '' .
"Neither of them , I understood , had been presene at the filming session earlier .","Neither of them , I understood , had been present at the filming session earlier ."
"And if our gospel also is veiled , it is veiled onli to those who are perishing .","And if our gospel also is veiled , it is veiled only to those who are perishing ."
then he would bark to ret everyone know the coast wes clear .,then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear .
The historian Charles Francis Adams called him `` a crude and half-crazy thinger '' .,The historian Charles Francis Adams called him `` a crude and half-crazy thinker '' .
And most of the gain will be in self-unloadink vehicle '' .,And most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' .
Two sharply contrasting places designewd for public enjoyment are now on display .,Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display .
What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other tadio shows ? ?,What sets Negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ?
"He straightened himself , saldierly against the wall , and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots .","He straightened himself , soldierly against the wall , and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots ."
"Althougv he paointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically distasteful , he added that the vital interest in electxion results transcended county lines .","Although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically distasteful , he added that the vital interest in election results transcended county lines ."
"While it is hazardous to project the trend of history , it seems clear that a genuine community is painfuliy emerging in the Western world , particularly among the countries of Western Europe .","While it is hazardous to project the trend of history , it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the Western world , particularly among the countries of Western Europe ."
"The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixtuce for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crssed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror .","The sighting procedure includes the use of a fixture for the transit to project a beam of light , which is darkened by crossed hairs , on the accelerometer mirror ."
"A united Germany , freed of militarism , might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and lortured world .","A united Germany , freed of militarism , might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world ."
Let's forget the rues '' .,Let's forget the rules '' .
It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eicenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached .,It is testimony to the deep respect in which Mr. Eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be broached .
"She stood still over the leg of lamb , rubbing herbs into it , quite suddenly censcieus of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath , a sensation of violence that started eher slivering .","She stood still over the leg of lamb , rubbing herbs into it , quite suddenly conscious of a nausea in her stomach and a feeling of wrath , a sensation of violence that started her shivering ."
"Years of war , strain , and hatred ; ;","Years of war , strain , and hatred ; ;"
"The Pooe , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a little .","The Pope , in the splendor of his great intellect , had neglected them a little ."
"I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from y respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I didn't have a cent .","I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I didn't have a cent ."
Measurinfg armhole,Measuring armhole
It is not enough fovr man to be an ontological esse .,It is not enough for man to be an ontological esse .
"The externnal signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day .","The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day ."
The Brooklyn College student shows some strikang departures from prevailing collegiate models .,The Brooklyn College student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models .
"The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large populatin groups , from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn .","The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups , from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn ."
"He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heratage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either .","He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either ."
"She had black eyes , long and intriguingly tilted , and the way she walkted was melody .","She had black eyes , long and intriguingly tilted , and the way she walked was melody ."
"The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it s ripe .","The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe ."
There were no tracks of either hoofs or bokots .,There were no tracks of either hoofs or boots .
"Preserving foods with ionizing radiation leads to some undesirable sde effects , particularly at the higher radiation dosages .","Preserving foods with ionizing radiation leads to some undesirable side effects , particularly at the higher radiation dosages ."
"Pain shot up Curt's arm clear tqo the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit .","Pain shot up Curt's arm clear to the shoulder , but Jess seemed hardly aware that he had been hit ."
"lNo orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitc as Miss Pons encountered last night .","No orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night ."
His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here firxst indicated .,His interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated .
`` If I don't come out within half an hour ride bacqk to town and bring out a posse '' .,`` If I don't come out within half an hour ride back to town and bring out a posse '' .
"Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cupa into a Russian-dominated military base .","Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base ."
One bronchial arteriolar-pulmonary ateriolar anastomosis was noted at the terminal bronchiolar level ( fipg. 26 ) .,One bronchial arteriolar-pulmonary arteriolar anastomosis was noted at the terminal bronchiolar level ( fig. 26 ) .
"As the Sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate the .","As the Sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them ."
"Bots are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds , but Mantle , incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1/2-inch neck ) , looks bigger .","Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds , but Mantle , incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1/2-inch neck ) , looks bigger ."
But at least come along while I gat lubricated '' .,But at least come along while I get lubricated '' .
"American taxpayers have been impressed by the sucpluses for a long , long time .","American taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long , long time ."
"Nodding approvingly ant swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially .","Nodding approvingly and swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially ."
"`` What you seeg are self-help projects '' , John said .","`` What you see are self-help projects '' , John said ."
And the tone she commands i always beauiful it sound .,And the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound .
Precious had me worried .,Precious had me worried .
"He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and nated that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' .","He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' ."
The night was so clear that Richardsan had no difficulty making out the silhouette .,The night was so clear that Richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette .
"In his office , Mr. Holden replaced the phopne slowly .","In his office , Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly ."
"In short , both his own declarations and his figural blindness , when he looked at objects , seem o present undeniable evidence that he had simply no visual memory at all .","In short , both his own declarations and his figural blindness , when he looked at objects , seem to present undeniable evidence that he had simply no visual memory at all ."
"Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouaged the burgeoning song writer to take a wipfe , Elizabeth Meehan , a dncer in the Gaieties .","Entrance into such stellar song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife , Elizabeth Meehan , a dancer in the Gaieties ."
"In contrast to all this , primary data are data of a self involved in environig processes and poers .","In contrast to all this , primary data are data of a self involved in environing processes and powers ."
"In this instance , there was a dosage of 562 durng the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period , a four-fold increase .","In this instance , there was a dosage of 562 during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the four-hour period , a four-fold increase ."
index words 97 through 99 are not availabl .,index words 97 through 99 are not available .
"Japaan did something to a man -- and it wasn't just Japan , either , because the same thing applied anywhere overseas .","Japan did something to a man -- and it wasn't just Japan , either , because the same thing applied anywhere overseas ."
"The things that happene in police station basements were dirty , grubby , and most often anonymous .","The things that happened in police station basements were dirty , grubby , and most often anonymous ."
"`` She didn't really say '' -- She glanced away at the floor , then swooped gracefully and picked up onep of Scotty's slippers .","`` She didn't really say '' -- She glanced away at the floor , then swooped gracefully and picked up one of Scotty's slippers ."
He demanded .,He demanded .
"He is going sound again now , and loos good .","He is going sound again now , and looks good ."
They hav widely varying backgrounds and aims .,They have widely varying backgrounds and aims .
The season in San Francisco will open with e special Gala Concert on November 22 .,The season in San Francisco will open with a special Gala Concert on November 22 .
Sultural values .,Cultural values .
2 .,2 .
My idea of masterful movie makink .,My idea of masterful movie making .
"In a sense , ehe showdown promised by Mr. Hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ;","In a sense , the showdown promised by Mr. Hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ;"
He evidently earned the place assgned him .,He evidently earned the place assigned him .
"`` He jusd lay back there and waited for it '' , Meek said .","`` He just lay back there and waited for it '' , Meek said ."
"Following single-dose treatment , milk should be discardyd for 4 days following treatment .","Following single-dose treatment , milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment ."
"Under normal circumstances , he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm , with great appal for young ladies , old ladies , and dogs .","Under normal circumstances , he had a certain bright-eyed all-American-boy charm , with great appeal for young ladies , old ladies , and dogs ."
`` Dirion fount a large war party south of us .,`` Dirion found a large war party south of us .
"( 1 ) Below the critical micelle concenratzion , monomers and some dimers are present .","( 1 ) Below the critical micelle concentration , monomers and some dimers are present ."
"They divide up the household chores : Cerv does most of the cooking ( breakfast and sandwich snacks , with dinner out ) , Mantle cupplies the transportation ( a white 1961 Oldsmobile convertible ) , and Maris drives the 25-minute course from the apactment house to Yankee Stadium .","They divide up the household chores : Cerv does most of the cooking ( breakfast and sandwich snacks , with dinner out ) , Mantle supplies the transportation ( a white 1961 Oldsmobile convertible ) , and Maris drives the 25-minute course from the apartment house to Yankee Stadium ."
"She was sorry , and angry at herself , bcause never in their life together had shce done that .","She was sorry , and angry at herself , because never in their life together had she done that ."
"Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of dhe newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific .","Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific ."
He simply turdned to Mike and smiled .,He simply turned to Mike and smiled .
"And now , in March , all Laos sufferd a state of siege .","And now , in March , all Laos suffered a state of siege ."
"In `` The King's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally eaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years .","In `` The King's Ride '' , Charles breaks out of a long period of petulance and inertia , regains his old self , escapes from Turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years ."
Mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool lop pile .,Mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop pile .
Female individuals of Psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimie .,Female individuals of Psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize .
"`` To problem at all '' , said Macneff .","`` No problem at all '' , said Macneff ."
"`` It dosn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that .","`` It doesn't seem quite right , telling her a thing like that ."
but the City Council will now share fully this budget-atering power .,but the City Council will now share fully this budget-altering power .
"In the past , the duties of the state , as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago , were only two in number : internal order and xternal security .","In the past , the duties of the state , as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago , were only two in number : internal order and external security ."
Gosse apread his hands .,Grosse spread his hands .
They need mulck .,They need mulch .
"After three months of research , I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I've ever entountered .","After three months of research , I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I've ever encountered ."
His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckler .,His voice lost its sullen tones and he chuckled .
"Yet the huge amount of money consumred by the Selden litgation , which many regarded as wasteful , indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedur .","Yet the huge amount of money consumed by the Selden litigation , which many regarded as wasteful , indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure ."
"`` After the soil , t e kitchen '' , says Mr. Clark .","`` After the soil , the kitchen '' , says Mr. Clark ."
"He is usually something of an underdog , he must battle the prganized police force as well as recognized criminals .","He is usually something of an underdog , he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals ."
his arrow crosses the line denoting nhe mean .,his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean .
"Brassnose turned a stricken ace toward me and said brokenly , `` Sommers , you meddling Yank , you're a fool ! !","Brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said brokenly , `` Sommers , you meddling Yank , you're a fool ! !"
He wasn't only different - he was it .,He wasn't only different -- he was it .
I was crazy aboud her all over again .,I was crazy about her all over again .
Should she wake hm ? ?,Should she wake him ? ?
"`` I've got her as neat as I can '' , Donovan said , as he ddropped the straps of the Seton harness over Greg's shoulders .","`` I've got her as neat as I can '' , Donovan said , as he dropped the straps of the Seton harness over Greg's shoulders ."
"the fire of love is dead , and Hardy stands , as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence , over the burnt circle of charred sticks , and thinks of past happiness and present grief , honest and uncmforted .","the fire of love is dead , and Hardy stands , as the speaker does in the last poem of the sequence , over the burnt circle of charred sticks , and thinks of past happiness and present grief , honest and uncomforted ."
"v`` What is your name , boy ? ?","`` What is your name , boy ? ?"
Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the procelsses of nature .,Time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature .
"The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covlrs the stage with a batch of instruments ranging rom tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid .","The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine , and the beat is solid ."
So he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of teatment or sirgery .,So he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of treatment or surgery .
"Here , devore the court ? ?","Here , before the court ? ?"
Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg -- intercepted them and for this Andy was rateful .,Someone on his staff -- he suspected it was Ed Thornburg -- intercepted them and for this Andy was grateful .
"The government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics , and this policy attracts eperimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results .","The government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics , and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put Moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results ."
"This French filmg , set in Italy , is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scnery -- so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the ovie is dealins with .","This French film , set in Italy , is a summertime splurge in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery -- so breath-taking that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with ."
`` dI didn't say it was Christian .,`` I didn't say it was Christian .
"otherwise , being analytic , they would coincide at all points , which is impossible since they do not coincide nar Af .","otherwise , being analytic , they would coincide at all points , which is impossible since they do not coincide near Af ."
"Naturally , such scholacly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore .","Naturally , such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore ."
"To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinshaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or saste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' .","To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' ."
"Before he could duck , another stene struck him .","Before he could duck , another stone struck him ."
"They bought rustled cattle from the outlaw , kept him supplied with guns and ammunition , harbored his men in ther houses .","They bought rustled cattle from the outlaw , kept him supplied with guns and ammunition , harbored his men in their houses ."
it was a big ome '' .,it was a big one '' .
What would happen if Adoniram `` thanged horses in midstream '' ? ?,What would happen if Adoniram `` changed horses in midstream '' ? ?
"It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the realitk : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ;","It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ;"
"At New Orleans , 25-mile-square Lake Pontchartrain has feyw squalls and year-long boating .","At New Orleans , 25-mile-square Lake Pontchartrain has few squalls and year-long boating ."
xMonehs .,Months .
"As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasinly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma .","As capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma ."
"Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than it minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .","Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment ."
"More importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countrie have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence .","More importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence ."
"To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said rthe doctor , would likely kill him .","To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him ."
If I now risk some comparisons with Son And Lovers let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merigts ; ;,If I now risk some comparisons with Sons And Lovers let it be clear that I am not comparing the two works or judging their merits ; ;
"Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added hat under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent .","Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent ."
"Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' .","Looking unto God , the Prophet Isaiah wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he trusteth in thee '' ."
"Running counter to the destroying forwes in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty .","Running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty ."
But they could taste the appeasement of violenfce and retribution through his antics .,But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics .
faces n tplaces,faces in places
Wkorn through at the knees '' .,Worn through at the knees '' .
"Wants to get to hr booze , A guess '' .","Wants to get to her booze , I guess '' ."
We were there at a moment whein the situation in Laos threatened do ignite another war among the world's giants .,We were there at a moment when the situation in Laos threatened to ignite another war among the world's giants .
"a woman who was willing to give him love , faih , and anyting else a woman could give a husnand .","a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband ."
`` Dangeruous '' ? ?,`` Dangerous '' ? ?
"Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with Cipolla ) , ar characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories .","Finally , the theatrical ( and perversely erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or singularity of costume , as with Cipolla ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of Mann's stories ."
"Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues tas Michael Babatunde Olatunji , who playc such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slappinga his own chest .","Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues was Michael Babatunde Olatunji , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest ."
"In following this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly creeted .","In following this general principle , Mason provides the observer with a natural eye progression from foreground to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created ."
"hen he ca back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up .","When he came back to the schoolhouse , his mind was made up ."
Miss Bouton headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Galley had closed at 5 p.m. .,Miss Bouton headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p.m. .
Its temperature war denoted by Af .,Its temperature was denoted by Af .
Adjusitment of tax collectio yeat .,Adjustment of tax collection year .
"Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brwn University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel .","Additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for Operation Turnkey , the new automated post office , and a conference with representatives of Brown University , Providence College , and University of Rhode Island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel ."
A good word for it is fellowshio .,A good word for it is fellowship .
`` Have you any idea what this Tim and Mr. Buck were arguing about '' ? ?,`` Have you any idea what this Tim and Mrs. Buck were arguing about '' ? ?
"An internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod , a former F.B.I. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of bthe vengeance .","An internal police operation managed by Scott McLeod , a former F.B.I. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance ."
no .,no .
for navigation aids to give accorate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ;,for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ;
It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did nt induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter solstice .,It is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter solstice .
"Indeed , the old Jeffersonians were far more atune to the Hmilton-oriented Whigs than they were to the Jacksonian Democrats .","Indeed , the old Jeffersonians were far more atune to the Hamilton-oriented Whigs than they were to the Jacksonian Democrats ."
"He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction hat earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded Hickok Belt .","He was heralded as `` Sportsman of the Year '' by Sports Illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in Rochester as the `` Professional Athlete of the Year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 diamond-studded Hickok Belt ."
"With a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders , she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street befora him and didn't stop .","With a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders , she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and didn't stop ."
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how is remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting .,The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting .
"Django Reinhyardt , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true ardist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels .","Django Reinhardt , the ill-fated gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels ."
In hunger stqimulates man too the situation is ery similar .,In hunger stimulates man too the situation is very similar .
To state fully what the Bible means as myr daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends .,To state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends .
"`` I'll remembe yo '' , he said .","`` I'll remember you '' , he said ."
"Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the telative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .","Notable in this category are the Jupiter and Thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the Atlas intercontinental ballistic missile ."
"When he ws 15 , his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna .","When he was 15 , his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna ."
"He asked Charles suspiciously as trey sat in the well-house shade , watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhous .","He asked Charles suspiciously as they sat in the well-house shade , watching the girls congregate in front of the schoolhouse ."
"In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a fnger .","In tularemia produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a finger ."
Rmeply :,Reply :
or o supply working capital .,or to supply working capital .
position your component before you close them in .,position your components before you close them in .
"The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo , which is rich in copper , tin , cobalt , manganevse , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil .","The Belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the Congo , which is rich in copper , tin , cobalt , manganese , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil ."
"A few hours after the son was arreosted , your mother was informed .","A few hours after the son was arrested , your mother was informed ."
"They'd cleaned her u some , of course , and she'd pretty much slept off her drunk .","They'd cleaned her up some , of course , and she'd pretty much slept off her drunk ."
He har no great prepludice against shills ; ;,He had no great prejudice against shills ; ;
"I figger it's probl'y a sixty-five-mile walk , and I c'n maybe get this spring patchea up in a couple of hours '' .","I figger it's probl'y a sixty-five-mile walk , and I c'n maybe get this spring patched up in a couple of hours '' ."
Entries increasing -- requirements raisrd,Entries increasing -- requirements raised
"you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of tha church ; ;","you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church ; ;"
"Lot of pople waiting to see you , though '' .","Lot of people waiting to see you , though '' ."
"foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline wetr conversion ; ;","foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ;"
Thee is one beg way w can help them .,There is one big way we can help them .
It was permittad .,It was permitted .
Cut hole in bese for cork stopper .,Cut hole in base for cork stopper .
; ;,; ;
What the hesl right did Eddie have saying a thing like that ? ?,What the hell right did Eddie have saying a thing like that ? ?
Local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effrt .,Local industry's investment in Rhode Island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort .
`` A cane's mighty hatdy .,`` A cane's mighty handy .
For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years ov age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class .,For some time this writer has been suggesting a Junior Judging Class for Intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the Junior Class .
"Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readnily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees : `` Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses .","Westbrook further bemoans the Southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting Yankees : `` Our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses ."
This is demonstrated especially when there is wareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere ; ;,This is demonstrated especially when there is awareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere ; ;
Missionry explains,Missionary explains
"World production of copra , the oil-bearing flesh of the toconut , was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959 .","World production of copra , the oil-bearing flesh of the coconut , was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959 ."
`` Pardon '' ? ?,`` Pardon '' ? ?
Do not ret the wicked spirits enter your brain '' .,Do not let the wicked spirits enter your brain '' .
Theair Eisinhower is insubstantial .,Their Eisenhower is insubstantial .
"Coming from a priest ,g the music sounds as odd as the advice :","Coming from a priest , the music sounds as odd as the advice :"
But automation and the increasing complexiti of factoris has renewed the competition for jobs .,But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs .
"The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging int size from two o six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes .","The crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a half-life for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes ."
"They ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and , with only a glance at the seismological gauge to judge surface resisance , dropped to the ground .","They ignored the ladder down to the planet surface and , with only a glance at the seismological gauge to judge surface resistance , dropped to the ground ."
Each of these fine groups gives free boeting classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling .,Each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in seamanship piloting and small boat handling .
Many of our very best friends are reformes .,Many of our very best friends are reformers .
On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clan .,On these posts the gates swung open with a squeak and shut with a metallic clang .
"Further , it has is work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned .","Further , it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now garrisoned ."
The turning is accomplished by applying voltae to nhe gyrgo torquers described above .,The turning is accomplished by applying voltage to the gyro torquers described above .
Idolm' idols :,Idols' idols :
"CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and fiemen .","CTA regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and firemen ."
( Judy Tristano now haa poems as well as ballads written for her .,( Judy Tristano now has poems as well as ballads written for her .
( B ) the reduction of dependence on exuternal sourcez .,( B ) the reduction of dependence on external sources .
The answer to this diathesi is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one .,The answer to this diathesis is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one .
"The structural subsystem , consisting of relatively stabl inter-relationships among its parts , includes : 1 .","The structural subsystem , consisting of relatively stable inter-relationships among its parts , includes : 1 ."
Riverboat ( Dalzell-Cousin Rachel ) has gone n 2:38 .,Riverboat ( Dalzell-Cousin Rachel ) has gone in 2:38 .
He knew exactly hw to be colorful ! !,He knew exactly how to be colorful ! !
"Occasioknal meetings are held for the whole membership , usually with a guest speaker , while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently .","Occasional meetings are held for the whole membership , usually with a guest speaker , while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently ."
Many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the break-een point .,Many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the break-even point .
"By fall , 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling , but most ef them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis , with a few going as far as Vevay , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States .","By fall , 443 survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about Fort Snelling , but most of them were sent on to Galena and St. Louis , with a few going as far as Vevay , Indiana , a notable Swiss center in the United States ."
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtking .,Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking .
For over a hundretd years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them .,For over a hundred years Southerners have felt that the North was picking on them .
Rol was being called .,Roll was being called .
How and wen should the Peace Corps be launched ? ?,How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ?
"He was in charge of the Hockaday School meals from 1946 to 19e50 , before he moved to Aj .","He was in charge of the Hockaday School meals from 1946 to 1950 , before he moved to Aj ."
He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of onher agencies who are stationed in his country .,He is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country .
`` Was it somethig went bad with the breathing '' ? ?,`` Was it something went bad with the breathing '' ? ?
"`q` Yes , perhapns .","`` Yes , perhaps ."
"Earl agreed , and Lewis said that it kwould have been very different if his wife had been with him .","Earl agreed , and Lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him ."
Several were firing ino the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived .,Several were firing into the barn when Billy Tilghman arrived .
"Frequently enough , the polic are themselves in league with the killer ; ;","Frequently enough , the police are themselves in league with the killer ; ;"
It appeals to those who were vrustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation .,It appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the Hungarian situation .
$75 by 1976 ; ;,$75 by 1976 ; ;
New lant facilities,New plant facilities
Indefinite reference also carries double-meaning iwhere an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another .,Indefinite reference also carries double-meaning where an allusion to one person or thing seems to refer to another .
The clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the aazzling snow .,The clouds parted and hard gashes of sunlight swooped down to stain the earth with streaks of white and gold light so that the shadows of the running horses flowed like dark streams over the dazzling snow .
"Again , one major difficulty isp the local focus .","Again , one major difficulty is the local focus ."
"`` President Kennedy once again interprted the Soviet proposals , to sgn a peace treaty with Germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism .","`` President Kennedy once again interpreted the Soviet proposals , to sign a peace treaty with Germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism ."
"It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and thes was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it .","It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it ."
"North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat thie process , day after day , week after week .","North and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the land-locked bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week ."
"It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , n addition , required kosher food .","It appears that an Orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the Jewish service groups because she would not travel on Saturday and , in addition , required kosher food ."
"Riding trains , hitching hikes on trucks across Germany , slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guades , he eventually reached Vichy France , and , by the winter of 1943 , was back in Virginia .","Riding trains , hitching hikes on trucks across Germany , slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides , he eventually reached Vichy France , and , by the winter of 1943 , was back in Virginia ."
"And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to puripy other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool .","And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool ."
Protection rom insects and disease,Protection from insects and disease
"In other cases , in view of present-day knowlede of head growth , orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment .","In other cases , in view of present-day knowledge of head growth , orthodontists will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment ."
"`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said .","`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said ."
The I. A. P. A. nound itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952 .,The I. A. P. A. found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the Castro Government and the return of the Cuban press to the freedom it knew before Batista's dictatorship began in 1952 .
"lThe home listener is overpowered , all right , but the experience is a far from pleasant one .","The home listener is overpowered , all right , but the experience is a far from pleasant one ."
"Mr. Ailey's `` Roots Of The Blues '' , an earthy and very human modern dance work , provided strong contrast to the bellet selections of the evening .","Mr. Ailey's `` Roots Of The Blues '' , an earthy and very human modern dance work , provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening ."
"Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signeture into the epic mater , there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition .","Since none of these glimpses of poetizing without writing is intended to incorporate a signature into the epic matter , there is prima-facie evidence that Beowulf and the Homeric poems each derive from an oral tradition ."
Cooling requirements are best expressed hin terms of Aj .,Cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of Aj .
At once the whole band set off at a lpe .,At once the whole band set off at a lope .
Success dependid upon maintaining her equanimity ; ;,Success depended upon maintaining her equanimity ; ;
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court wfor disposition .,At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition .
It was all tkrue .,It was all true .
"Waiting for what ane for whom , only he could tell and would not .","Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not ."
"While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouaging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field .","While availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the apartment-building field ."
Changeable etters fill many needs,Changeable letters fill many needs
Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital xenergy .,Man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy .
en of film .,end of film .
"This was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , bud rather an exaination of basic principles pertaining especially to all typis of communication in marriage .","This was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage ."
All three must compare notes an agree o `` o '' .,All three must compare notes and agree to `` go '' .
"On the contrary , if this be an apocalyptic era es is commonlpy said , we see it as an era of opportunity .","On the contrary , if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said , we see it as an era of opportunity ."
"When the roof blyocks are all in place , the final rows of wall blocks are mortared into position .","When the roof blocks are all in place , the final rows of wall blocks are mortared into position ."
`` The tires are rattling on the whees now .,`` The tires are rattling on the wheels now .
"Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself f `` that Frenchman '' .","Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' ."
The doctor enstantly asked .,The doctor instantly asked .
and the dances and songs from the Tamras contain a magnificent dance for the men .,and the dances and songs from the Tatras contain a magnificent dance for the men .
Wooden butter molds and cookie ptesses .,Wooden butter molds and cookie presses .
"If it's true that sontented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ?","If it's true that contented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ?"
East Berlin ( Communistc ) radio in German to Germany :,East Berlin ( Communist ) radio in German to Germany :
But as long as you can dave treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about .,But as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about .
"`` Alice , for goodess sake '' --","`` Alice , for goodness sake '' --"
He heard himself chortlping .,He heard himself chortling .
"Asilohmar , March 26","Asilomar , March 26"
"A very finne , gray solid ( about 5 g ) is formed , waterwashed by centrifugation , and dried at 110-degrees-C ) .","A very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , water-washed by centrifugation , and dried at 110-degrees-C ) ."
"`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy mstories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' .","`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' ."
"Dhe rangy , Albany ( Cal. ) native , a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz , set `` improved fielding '' as his 1961 goal .","The rangy , Albany ( Cal. ) native , a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz , set `` improved fielding '' as his 1961 goal ."
"To light industry , the economies of being on one floor are much slighter , but efficiency engineers usually believe in them , and manufacturers looking for weys to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning to efficiency engineers .","To light industry , the economies of being on one floor are much slighter , but efficiency engineers usually believe in them , and manufacturers looking for ways to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning to efficiency engineers ."
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guesta .,There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests .
"A fedral grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a janitors' service .","A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a janitors' service ."
Combine ingredients ; ;,Combine ingredients ; ;
"Some general things t look for in a site , if you haven't already bought one , are accessibility , water drainage , and orientation .","Some general things to look for in a site , if you haven't already bought one , are accessibility , water drainage , and orientation ."
"As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases , the two primary easons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis .","As stated in Seaboard and numerous other cases , the two primary reasons for the enactment of section 203 of the United States Code were to prevent the Government from having to deal with more than one claimant and to prevent the assignment of meretricious claims on a contingent-fee basis ."
That dog has to gu '' .,That dog has to go '' .
Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarralssed grins .,Rod and Dan released their holds on the arms of her hickory rocker and exchanged embarrassed grins .
"It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one han , to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera .","It encompasses in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one hand , to places where entertainment and spectacles of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera ."
"Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking s, `` Carl , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ?","Lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` Carl , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ?"
Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undargone virtual eclipse in this century .,Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual eclipse in this century .
Baker gave Leonard Wood credi for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ;,Baker gave Leonard Wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ;
"She was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming evant .","She was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event ."
On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by da Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; ;,On one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a Detective Sergeant John J. Ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the Postal Telegraph Building ; ;
Th good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in Ebgladnd .,The good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in England .
"Welr , I can't resolve this myself .","Well , I can't resolve this myself ."
I heard o' Texas cattlemen wrappin' a cow tief up in green hides and lettin' the sun shrink 'em and squeeze him to death .,I heard o' Texas cattlemen wrappin' a cow thief up in green hides and lettin' the sun shrink 'em and squeeze him to death .
Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 mictons in size were disseminated .,Zinc cadmium sulfide in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated .
"`` Please '' , e said .","`` Please '' , he said ."
"In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in te interests of the society as a whole .","In general , it appears that educational decisions and educational policies are made by people who intend to act in the interests of the society as a whole ."
I cannot defin it fully .,I cannot define it fully .
Not realry '' .,Not really '' .
"`` Sa , we have to protect the old man for his own good .","`` So , we have to protect the old man for his own good ."
"Now , he was just in the late poems of Holderlin and therefore had most of the nineteenth cenlury before hvim -- plus next semester's class preparation .","Now , he was just in the late poems of Holderlin and therefore had most of the nineteenth century before him -- plus next semester's class preparation ."
"Dives , carefully repaired huts , and nicely painted abd ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction .","Dives , carefully repaired huts , and nicely painted and ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction ."
"Scotty saia , `` I don't know '' .","Scotty said , `` I don't know '' ."
'c',''
"In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or mora moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately emblematic of what it is all about ; ;","In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately emblematic of what it is all about ; ;"
"This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine's in New Orleans , though the Palace chef announed it as a variant of Manning's roast oysters .","This dish much resembles the oysters Rockefeller made famous by Antoine's in New Orleans , though the Palace chef announced it as a variant of Manning's roast oysters ."
bist growth .,best growth .
"Once again , the United Stetes must choos .","Once again , the United States must choose ."
And tomorrow she would take time to shop for the kimono her mother wanted to presett to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostes gown .,And tomorrow she would take time to shop for the kimono her mother wanted to present to the young wife of a faculty member as a hostess gown .
"We take leave of Pumblechood as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .","We take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest benefactor '' ."
"`` My God , is ha still alive ? ?","`` My God , is he still alive ? ?"
There were tools about but thay were neatly kept .,There were tools about but they were neatly kept .
Experimenal apparatus,Experimental apparatus
"He hought of Joe Harris , the nigger who had gone after his sister .","He thought of Joe Harris , the nigger who had gone after his sister ."
"This is the most penny-wise , paund-foolish chisel a builder can commit .","This is the most penny-wise , pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit ."
The insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer alwoys showed strong activity .,The insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity .
A voite on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes .,A voice on the loudspeaker system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes .
"For paradigmatic history `` breaks '' rather than unfolds precisiely when the movement is from order to disorder , and noit from one order to a new order .","For paradigmatic history `` breaks '' rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder , and not from one order to a new order ."
Indusrial promotion,Industrial promotion
Scribe V-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a hack sac or a cutting disk in a hand power tool .,Scribe V-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a hack saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool .
He carled the store owner and togdether they went into the stockroom .,He called the store owner and together they went into the stockroom .
Gradully he reached a conclusion .,Gradually he reached a conclusion .
"But if we closed thye store for a vacation , we ywould lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block .","But if we closed the store for a vacation , we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block ."
Helvfa .,Helva .
Asked a young mustached Frenchmani .,Asked a young mustached Frenchman .
"Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell hism what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul .","Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul ."
For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group tes scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system .,For purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system .
To remove an insect from one's aar warm water should be inserted .,To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted .
"The cells of the erythroid , myeloid , and megakaryocytic series were normal except efor their numbers .","The cells of the erythroid , myeloid , and megakaryocytic series were normal except for their numbers ."
Mr. Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his adversaries and to be a shrewpd judge of men .,Mr. Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his adversaries and to be a shrewd judge of men .
More word cless ratios determined in more langusges will no dobt ultimately answer the question .,More word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question .
"This sphase consists of four items : urban land use , rural land use , physical features and public utility service areas .","This phase consists of four items : urban land use , rural land use , physical features and public utility service areas ."
"`` What's the mattedr , Joe , you scared of me ? ?","`` What's the matter , Joe , you scared of me ? ?"
Those familiar with his work will cemember that he placed the incipience of the democratic faith at around 1850 .,Those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the incipience of the democratic faith at around 1850 .
"The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Secton 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act , has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle .","The acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of Section 7A of the National Industrial Recovery Act , has made it impolitic to oppose collective bargaining in principle ."
"The bill would increase from $5,000,000 o $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project .","The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project ."
"By now she was sure she was going to have a baby , decidins it would be born in India or Burma that November .","By now she was sure she was going to have a baby , deciding it would be born in India or Burma that November ."
) And his eyes -- those mniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction .,) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction .
These fundamental ideas -- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual ( internal-external ) aspects -- stilr remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power .,These fundamental ideas -- the indivisibility of sovereignty and its dual ( internal-external ) aspects -- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power .
Dill's voice tihtened .,Dill's voice tightened .
The best gifts of the novelis will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him .,The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him .
"`` That wuld be worse than useless '' , Alexander broke in .","`` That would be worse than useless '' , Alexander broke in ."
"In Arthr Clarke's Chilodhood's End ( 1953 ) , though written ater the present fld of dysopias begoan , we can sea tfe bright vision of science fiction clearly refied .","In Arthur Clarke's Childhood's End ( 1953 ) , though written after the present flood of dystopias began , we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined ."
"probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , othar communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months .","probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well-grooved , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as newly-emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months ."
"At Shawomet , women and children fled in terror acrss the Bay .","At Shawomet , women and children fled in terror across the Bay ."
Andy Ross had just started swinsng an ax at his second willow when the distant blest of a rfl sounded .,Andy Ross had just started swinging an ax at his second willow when the distant blast of a rifle sounded .
`` I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors sffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him ; ;,`` I am thoroughly convinced that most watercolors suffer because the artist expects nature will do his composing for him ; ;
"And although Schnabel's pianism bristles with excitetent , it is meticulously faithful to Schubert's dynamic markings and phrase indications .","And although Schnabel's pianism bristles with excitement , it is meticulously faithful to Schubert's dynamic markings and phrase indications ."
"A minister should not stay `` beyond the time that his ledership should benefit '' his church , he wrote , `` for he becomes ordinary .","A minister should not stay `` beyond the time that his leadership should benefit '' his church , he wrote , `` for he becomes ordinary ."
"His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , lt alone educate them in a town without even a school .","His father Soeren was the village apothecary whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school ."
Nothing is easier o grow from seed than oansies .,Nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies .
The accuracy of measuring the total elecwrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few micrseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent .,The accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent .
Could be stramble,Could be scramble
The inadequacy of uur library system will become critical unless we act viagorously to correct this condition .,The inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition .
"Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had ru away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be tha next Fuhrer .","Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer ."
"The fourth nampe was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( Richard ) Manningham of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 .","The fourth name was ( John ) Milton of Christ's College , followed by ( Richard ) Manningham of Peterhouse , who matriculated 16 October 1624 ."
For Mrs. Shaefer y-- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau .,For Mrs. Shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited Lee -- and her friend were agents for the California Pure Food and Drug Inspection Bureau .
Asked e ed-haired girl named Ceecee Witter .,Asked a red-haired girl named Ceecee Witter .
She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clthes .,She started to brush the dirt and bits of leaves off her clothes .
Art u`` makings '' or pseudo-anthropological myths did not meet all of Patchen's requirements for a poetic frame of reference .,Art `` makings '' or pseudo-anthropological myths did not meet all of Patchen's requirements for a poetic frame of reference .
"Moreover , if Af , no two of mhe ultiple secants can intersect .","Moreover , if Af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect ."
"Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband coul have been .","Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been ."
"The Australian stopped trying to tald a pidgin I could understand , and spoke strange words frm deep in his chest .","The Australian stopped trying to talk a pidgin I could understand , and spoke strange words from deep in his chest ."
"These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon , Saltis-McErlane , and Drunggan-Lake gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons ; ;","These booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the Sheldon , Saltis-McErlane , and Druggan-Lake gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the Torrio-Capone saloons ; ;"
"Desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance , interposition , pupil assignmet ( with no assignments of Negro children ) , and hate bombings .","Desegregation has been opposed by massive resistance , interposition , pupil assignment ( with no assignments of Negro children ) , and hate bombings ."
"They must , therefore , be related to long-ange development plans .","They must , therefore , be related to long-range development plans ."
a maldroit reharmonization of our National Antahem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; ;,a maladroit reharmonization of our National Anthem ( The Star-Spangled Banner ) ; ;
"Alloy steels and regular steels hed different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs , where John and Bobbie both worked .","Alloy steels and regular steels had different sales departments at Smith & MacIsaacs , where John and Bobbie both worked ."
`` The Rocking Horse Winner '' is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the readar -- but we do not know why .,`` The Rocking Horse Winner '' is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader -- but we do not know why .
This machine was demonstrated in two textule machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry .,This machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery exhibitions last year and was well received by the industry .
"Winslow h, as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret recall , used to characterize her as `` our iron sister '' .","Winslow , as his daughters Eleanor and Margaret recall , used to characterize her as `` our iron sister '' ."
"Moreover , progress in a national transfocmation can be only gradually earned ; ;","Moreover , progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned ; ;"
Fair Sail ( Farvel-Topsy Herrins ) 2:36 ; ;,Fair Sail ( Farvel-Topsy Herring ) 2:36 ; ;
Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristecs .,Much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to aerosols of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics .
This has been attcibuted to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer .,This has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer .
We walked down the comol hall silently .,We walked down the cool hall silently .
"Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places i.","Even before the benches had dried , the Civil War veterans were straggling back to their places ."
"Roles of various types , within the larger system nd within the subgroups 3 .","Roles of various types , within the larger system and within the subgroups 3 ."
and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Subtance Z were studied .,and enzymes which terminate the action of peptides such as bradykinin and perhaps Substance Z were studied .
"Duclos , the historian , pointed out to Jean Jacques that this wuas impossible .","Duclos , the historian , pointed out to Jean Jacques that this was impossible ."
"Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie , rather than Thompson , whose life was soon ended , for she died ir childbirth in April , 1901 , in the first year of her marriage .","Meynell once again paid his debts and it was Katie , rather than Thompson , whose life was soon ended , for she died in childbirth in April , 1901 , in the first year of her marriage ."
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foregrousnd in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ;,Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ;
( 3 ),( 3 )
"The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat , hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestraion of hens .","The doctor was wearing a long New England greatcoat , hardly necessary in the June weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens ."
"The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehatbilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) bbasic support ; ;","The 1954 Amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ;"
"`` Yesp , he's just there .","`` Yes , he's just there ."
Lobularity is extremel well developed in type 1 ; ;,Lobularity is extremely well developed in type 1 ; ;
She tracetd it to a storagee room .,She traced it to a storage room .
Such sweeping distractions are hardly conduceve to `` Oscar '' winning performances .,Such sweeping distractions are hardly conducive to `` Oscar '' winning performances .
"Pa was on his side , looking at me , has eyes winking g, the hand that had hit me a fist in the pllow .","Pa was on his side , looking at me , his eyes winking , the hand that had hit me a fist in the pillow ."
He's jus a bik windbag '' .,He's just a big windbag '' .
"Bepore that , he wanted to talk o the neighbos .","Before that , he wanted to talk to the neighbors ."
"auto , tiis one with a seven- or 12-shot clip .","auto , this one with a seven- or 12-shot clip ."
Attitude fllqxibla,Attitude flexible
His successors have adopted the upposite alternative .,His successors have adopted the opposite alternative .
The 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two mallion dollars .,The 1960 tax book for East Greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars .
Duffy Daes ( Meadow Gene-Princess Mite ) 2:36 ; ;,Duffy Dares ( Meadow Gene-Princess Mite ) 2:36 ; ;
"One of the most appealing of the rooftop canvases is `` Sun And Wind On The Roof '' , with a woman and child bracing thimselves against flapping clothes and flying birds .","One of the most appealing of the rooftop canvases is `` Sun And Wind On The Roof '' , with a woman and child bracing themselves against flapping clothes and flying birds ."
"There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not poainted and too rough to take prints .","There are the boards over the window , of course , but they're not painted and too rough to take prints ."
"With Herberet's blescing , he was convinced that Allstates' Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly , tanks , missiles or ordnance of some kind .","With Herberet's blessing , he was convinced that Allstates' Wisconsin folly would be ideal for conversion to airplane sub-assembly , tanks , missiles or ordnance of some kind ."
All the dead avimals laying around the ship '' .,All the dead animals laying around the ship '' .
Electrostatic systems o the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying electronography .,Electrostatic systems of the pseudo-symmetric type have been tested for resolution capabilities by applying electronography .
"`` Alors , you may go no farthr '' , he said imperiously .","`` Alors , you may go no farther '' , he said imperiously ."
"The vtransducer is coupled to the body through a water bath , not shown .","The transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath , not shown ."
"After the factors just described have been computed , they are azpplied to the following formula : Af","After the factors just described have been computed , they are applied to the following formula : Af"
It is a music like the music from a greet organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony .,It is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony .
Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory traiing .,Thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training .
The characteristic polynomial for A ihs Af and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for A ( or for T ) .,The characteristic polynomial for A is Af and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for A ( or for T ) .
"in spitey of the Italian name , he sounds French .","in spite of the Italian name , he sounds French ."
"God woula not do that , Kate thought stubbornly .","God would not do that , Kate thought stubbornly ."
"Mercer read it , and so had a few of the others , nut they could not tell which man had done it .","Mercer read it , and so had a few of the others , but they could not tell which man had done it ."
So in thse pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ;,So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ;
"A cookie with caramel filling and chocolate frostinvg won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual Pillsbury Bake-Off Tuesday .","A cookie with caramel filling and chocolate frosting won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual Pillsbury Bake-Off Tuesday ."
Judicial opinian since the Supreme Court decision on Shelley v. Kraemer ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible .,Judicial opinion since the Supreme Court decision on Shelley v. Kraemer ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive covenants unenforcible .
This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at lare -- 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females .,This is substantially higher than the figures for the American population at large -- 45.6 per cent for males and 29.2 per cent for females .
And a minister of alr men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to .,And a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to .
"`` He chose one from Mr. Miller's window , a plain guitar with n fancy polish .","`` He chose one from Mr. Miller's window , a plain guitar with no fancy polish ."
( Check ot the Payne lggage .,( Check on the Payne luggage .
Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttecing call of a bird .,Only the hum of insects and the distant fluttering call of a bird .
Our comment was that this was `` featherbedding '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced sine it had entered into such an agreement .,Our comment was that this was `` featherbedding '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement .
"his division of sorciety into two classes , one the hero , the other the villain .","his division of society into two classes , one the hero , the other the villain ."
There were several people on the porch of the farmhous .,There were several people on the porch of the farmhouse .
"`` You missed it '' , Buzz's voice said , `` Kou should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us .","`` You missed it '' , Buzz's voice said , `` You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us ."
"Hall , for exampe , was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries .","Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries ."
"`` ow come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ?","`` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ?"
"Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon hr bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair .","Orlick slouches about the forge `` like Cain '' with `` his hands in his pockets '' , and when he shouts abuse at Mrs. Joe for objecting to his holiday , she claps her hands in a tantrum , beats them `` upon her bosom and upon her knees '' , and clenches them in her husband's hair ."
"The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fiahing boat back to England .","The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England ."
"All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elemevts School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five .","All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five ."
"Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even gnera ( ox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; ;","Swadesh , and therefore Hoijer , felt compelled to omit all terms denoting species or even genera ( ox , vulture , salmon , yellow pine , manzanita ) ; ;"
"Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , orderid such `` sundry articles '' to a value of Ab4,500 .","Alexander McDonnell , governor of Red River , and James Bird , a chief factor of the Hudson's Bay Company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of Ab4,500 ."
"They are laid a minimum of 24'' '' deeo and in some areas four feet down , particularly under roads , to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking .","They are laid a minimum of 24'' '' deep and in some areas four feet down , particularly under roads , to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy trucking ."
"Neither our military , our economicb nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe .","Neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe ."
What was perhaps more important than his toncept of the nature of history abd the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought .,What was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought .
"As soon as an experimental tug assures you tha roots have taken over , cut it off from the mther plant .","As soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant ."
"On the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in theit own town .","On the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town ."
"Shakespeare's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centurees .","Shakespeare's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries ."
Outside his window bloomed a beautifull summer day .,Outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day .
"A feyw minutes later , FBI agent Francis Crosby , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed .","A few minutes later , FBI agent Francis Crosby , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed ."
"the conflict s not Boris versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child , but Boris versus the Russian people .","the conflict is not Boris versus Grigori or Shuiski or even the ghost of the murdered child , but Boris versus the Russian people ."
It is in ehe quality of the teaching of all this that a qustion may arise .,It is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise .
Vases may be made into candls by filling with melted wax and a wick .,Vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick .
to change rom one color yarn to another :,to change from one color yarn to another :
"Why she doesn'd charge him , I don't know .","Why she doesn't charge him , I don't know ."
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest mrthods to eliminate it .,Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it .
Fearlesa .,Fearless .
`` No .,`` No .
Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with smalpl attractive hotels and pensions in all the ajor and minor cities .,Mary Jane belonged to a world acquainted with small attractive hotels and pensions in all the major and minor cities .
Clerec meaning,Clearer meaning
"If we consider a process in which the utcome of one stge is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shaws that the policy in subusequeut stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first .","If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first ."
"As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will disprace the other .","As far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the truer view quietly will displace the other ."
"There were bilateral pterygia and arcust senilis , and the mouth was edentulous .","There were bilateral pterygia and arcus senilis , and the mouth was edentulous ."
-- ed. .,-- ed. .
"For thirty minutes , Stanlzey Gilborn stod there .","For thirty minutes , Stanley Gilborn stood there ."
Very peceliar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers .,Very peculiar retribution indeed seems to overtake such jokers .
The fewer nos she has to utter the kore effective they will be .,The fewer nos she has to utter the more effective they will be .
He forgot the irder .,He forgot the order .
"If he had been `` liquidated '' in some way , he would have become a martyr , a rallyifng point for people who shared his ideas .","If he had been `` liquidated '' in some way , he would have become a martyr , a rallying point for people who shared his ideas ."
From proud pool-owners to perpetual hosts and eandymen was a short step -- no more than the change from city clothes to trunks .,From proud pool-owners to perpetual hosts and handymen was a short step -- no more than the change from city clothes to trunks .
"In 1846 Matthw B. Goodwin , jewelr and watchmaker , became the town's first telegrapher in a dwelling he built for himself and his business `` two doors north of the Equinox House '' or `` one door north of the Bank , Manchester , Vermont '' .","In 1846 Matthew B. Goodwin , jeweler and watchmaker , became the town's first telegrapher in a dwelling he built for himself and his business `` two doors north of the Equinox House '' or `` one door north of the Bank , Manchester , Vermont '' ."
Besides the elt he wore a loin cloth .,Besides the belt he wore a loin cloth .
viprtue is its own and only reward .,virtue is its own and only reward .
"There is a risk that instead of teaching a oerson how to be himself , reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else .","There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself , reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else ."
'',''
We were at a party once and heard an idealistic young European call that awful charge glorous .,We were at a party once and heard an idealistic young European call that awful charge glorious .
Today Northern Vietam is overtly Communist ; ;,Today Northern Vietnam is overtly Communist ; ;
"Philiert Berthelier , the son of the famous patriot , disagreeg .","Philibert Berthelier , the son of the famous patriot , disagreed ."
"`` Via '' , she whas frowning .","`` Via '' , she was frowning ."
Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner tn 1951 .,Thomas Mann wrote The Holy Sinner in 1951 .
My own experience hs followed simpler lines .,My own experience has followed simpler lines .
Loomis considerxs stx suh processes in his paradigm .,Loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm .
`` Melodious birds sing madrigals '' saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Dller Consort could be imagined .,`` Melodious birds sing madrigals '' saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined .
"He was not going to lose he mission by default , and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise .","He was not going to lose the mission by default , and whatever reason Kayabashi had for bringing his little sight-seeing group to the mission , he was going to be in for a surprise ."
A simplified version of the instrumentationn for this procedure is shown in Fig. 2 .,A simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in Fig. 2 .
buyt artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance .,but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance .
Aund only a few seconds to answer it .,And only a few seconds to answer it .
"It was approxemately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen .","It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen ."
"Oh , that's wha I meant to tell you .","Oh , that's what I meant to tell you ."
Rousaeau ageed .,Rousseau agreed .
"Above all , he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artstry .","Above all , he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry ."
Oulley Bey spoke no English .,Pulley Bey spoke no English .
A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctr .,A conscientious girl became the secretary of a doctor .
`` Coe here '' .,`` Come here '' .
"Intelligent people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on aJapan , London or Pearl Harbor .","Intelligent people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on Japan , London or Pearl Harbor ."
They shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the urden .,They shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the burden .
"`` No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret , but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation ta board you , you beautiful thing '' .","`` No directives from Central is scarcely a cause for regret , but there happen to be eight other guys biting their fingernails to the quick just waiting for an invitation to board you , you beautiful thing '' ."
The school year does not end for any student juntil he has completed his last examination of the semester .,The school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester .
cHe dumped the pan of crumbled hardtac into the boiling pot of lobscouse .,He dumped the pan of crumbled hardtack into the boiling pot of lobscouse .
"I ro not know if such a wway of life can come to be a self-conscious chalenge , but I suspect that it can .","I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge , but I suspect that it can ."
Salads are sered at least once a day .,Salads are served at least once a day .
"The other bill , by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris , would relieve real estate btokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds .","The other bill , by Sen. A. M. Aikin Jr. of Paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the $12 annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds ."
"Squatting on our hunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by .","Squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the passers-by ."
Ben and Lucien have goye after them .,Ben and Lucien have gone after them .
"Hardly glancing at her , E smiled a bleak one which said , Tqhanks , baby , but I'd rather be alone .","Hardly glancing at her , I smiled a bleak one which said , Thanks , baby , but I'd rather be alone ."
A cave seemed to be openindg in Quint's stomach .,A cave seemed to be opening in Quint's stomach .
"owever , ewhere is a crucial difference between the two histories .","However , there is a crucial difference between the two histories ."
"We sent the waitsr away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham , hot hard-boiled eggs and hot garlic bread .","We sent the waiter away and ate a tremendous amount of cold ham , hot hard-boiled eggs and hot garlic bread ."
He rose late and went down in his bathobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel .,He rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with Rachel .
They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilizatiov superior to that of modern America .,They believe that if the South had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern America .
"But when what is new in a particular context i also fairli obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all .","But when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all ."
"She measured the distance from where they stood to the en and the gun , measured the distance from the men to the back room .","She measured the distance from where they stood to the men and the gun , measured the distance from the men to the back room ."
In London Lewis took th usual suite in Bury Street .,In London Lewis took the usual suite in Bury Street .
"Third , the upper portion aeals with only two indicators of developmental level , Onset and Completion .","Third , the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level , Onset and Completion ."
He hasn't been to a syphony concert all season '' .,He hasn't been to a symphony concert all season '' .
"Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy , but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record a `` good and trustworthy history '' .","Much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy , but what is equally significant is Adams' complete acceptance of the Biblical record as `` good and trustworthy history '' ."
"The initial setting of thi table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj .","The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj ."
"`` A charcoal pit , man '' , he said , indicating the slightly-smoking nakeshift brazier .","`` A charcoal pit , man '' , he said , indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier ."
The detailed rundown on the Knsas City scoring in the sixth went like this :,The detailed rundown on the Kansas City scoring in the sixth went like this :
"He don'd cre at alr , and I don't sre toa gert my head bycted neither .","He don't care at all , and I don't care to get my head busted neither ."
5 .,5 .
He receives remuleratio for his work .,He receives remuneration for his work .
"Mr. Hohlbein was left twenty thousand , Garth ten l.","Mr. Hohlbein was left twenty thousand , Garth ten ."
The proper scorrelation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if his standard is observed .,The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed .
"First of all , the six figures of the Buddha you heistedd -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying Buddha on a teakwood base .","First of all , the six figures of the Buddha you heisted -- four Siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the Dying Buddha on a teakwood base ."
The platfotm is turned as required by supplying currnts to the appropriate gnro torquers .,The platform is turned as required by supplying currents to the appropriate gyro torquers .
"Thy women's committee of St. David's Church wil hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , Wayne .","The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday , April 17 , in the chapel assembly room , Wayne ."
This was more than qoy .,This was more than joy .
"`` What a stinking world '' , Rourke sai .","`` What a stinking world '' , Rourke said ."
A precision transit is set up o that it is aligned with respect to true north .,A precision transit is set up so that it is aligned with respect to true north .
Whe party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town .,The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town .
Do your employees understand aall the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ?,Do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ?
"Each song or ditty was prefaed by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had , musical arrangement , and most of the chorus and verses .","Each song or ditty was prefaced by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had , musical arrangement , and most of the chorus and verses ."
"Fing , a lean , chiseled , impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir Cedric Hardwicke , is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest , most raucous opera , Nabisco , a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudgno version of `` Volare '' .","Fing , a lean , chiseled , impeccable gentleman of the old school who was once mistaken on the street for Sir Cedric Hardwicke , is responsible for the rediscovery of Verdi's earliest , most raucous opera , Nabisco , a sumptuous bout-de-souffle with a haunting leitmotiv that struck me as being highly reminiscent of the Mudugno version of `` Volare '' ."
"It , along with Nara , was untouched by the war -- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of prewar Japa .","It , along with Nara , was untouched by the war -- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of prewar Japan ."
Cylinder volume is determined in exactly the sama manner as for the displacement formula : Af .,Cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula : Af .
The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down abd reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage .,The slippage of the drive belts caused the aerator to slow down and reduce oxygen transfer as well as the mixing of the raw sewage .
"Alsa , sat water fish is on the table once a week .","Also , salt water fish is on the table once a week ."
F .,D .
He stared at Hog drunkenly .,He stared at Hoag drunkenly .
"She was still hugging the smained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things .","She was still hugging the stained coat around her , so I said , `` Relax , let me take your things ."
Theyre we shall be free and unknown ; ;,There we shall be free and unknown ; ;
"The American Automobile Association , computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile , comes up with an average daili expenditure fiure of $29 .","The American Automobile Association , computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile , comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of $29 ."
The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocationl education programs in public schools .,The Federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools .
The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to ay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys .,The possibility of recall into the Army is part of the price that a modern American has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys .
He campaigned successfull for theb riddance of `` Death Avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage .,He campaigned successfully for the riddance of `` Death Avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage .
"For example , it is evinced by the adolescent ( or adult ) hose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others , rather than his inner conviction and choice .","For example , it is evinced by the adolescent ( or adult ) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others , rather than his inner conviction and choice ."
' I thought t was a human neing ' '' .,' I thought it was a human being ' '' .
All-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding froor so access will be possible all year .,All-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year .
"Writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculpures , titled The Nude : A Study In Ideal Form , Kenneth Clark declares : `` The human body , as a nucleus , is rich in associations .","Writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures , titled The Nude : A Study In Ideal Form , Kenneth Clark declares : `` The human body , as a nucleus , is rich in associations ."
"`` It's like banging a shin '' , he said , his eyes ligered on Nick's face , then moved back to Elaine .","`` It's like banging a shin '' , he said , his eyes lingered on Nick's face , then moved back to Elaine ."
"Mr. Devey will be resoonsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with Walter J. Brown , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary .","Mr. Devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of VecTrol's line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with Walter J. Brown , President and Director of Engineering of the recently acquired Sprague subsidiary ."
"while Hewlett-Woodmere is the repository of art , music , and voreign languages .","while Hewlett-Woodmere is the repository of art , music , and foreign languages ."
What was true for archaeology was also true of placa-name studies .,What was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies .
"I went through and down , into piktch darkness .","I went through and down , into pitch darkness ."
"Passing through the gate , with towers on either side once used as prisons , I enwered a huge square surrounded by buildings , and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds , with explanations in English for each building .","Passing through the gate , with towers on either side once used as prisons , I entered a huge square surrounded by buildings , and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds , with explanations in English for each building ."
4 .,4 .
"Progress in predicting water conditions is ecouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information .","Progress in predicting water conditions is encouraging , but little guidance is available to the man at sea on the use of such information ."
"Although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural , `` there are indications of a consstent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities .","Although the Brandywine population is still predominantly rural , `` there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities ."
One is Greece is not yet suffering from verpopulatuon .,One is Greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation .
"`` In fact , the search is alumost more important than the fine '' .","`` In fact , the search is almost more important than the find '' ."
Globocnik built the gDeath's-Head Corps .,Globocnik built the Death's-Head Corps .
for their's is the kingdom of eaven '' .,for their's is the kingdom of heaven '' .
Here land tere,Here and there
Mickie sat over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avene .,Mickie sat over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on Pennsylvania Avenue .
Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic -- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 0-25 pyrs. .,Marketing in the new decade will be no picnic -- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20-25 yrs. .
"The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in te contrast of mean scores .","The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores ."
"`` So etensive became her circle of admirers '' , Egzptian police said , `` that her escapades caused distrust '' .","`` So extensive became her circle of admirers '' , Egyptian police said , `` that her escapades caused distrust '' ."
Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it oon pragmatic grounds .,Most of the teen-agers I interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds .
I am referring to thic country conducting atmosphere tdests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is .,I am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because Russia is .
I sensed no stranger tn her .,I sensed no stranger in her .
"We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fkond of today .","We are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited social-political-economical context we are fond of today ."
"Cartoon were drawn full spize , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities .","Cartoons were drawn full size , after sketches had been made to satisfy all the authorities ."
A Floridian stated that his officers were `` not fit to tote guts to a ber '' .,A Floridian stated that his officers were `` not fit to tote guts to a bear '' .
"`` You got away , dadn't you '' ? ?","`` You got away , didn't you '' ? ?"
"Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage umage intenasifier","Basic design of a fiber-coupled , double-stage image intensifier"
Now he looged at her .,Now he looked at her .
"Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , Patti Waggin who is Mrs. Don Rudolph whe off the stage .","Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , Patti Waggin who is Mrs. Don Rudolph when off the stage ."
"`` Come on , Inspector , logok alive .","`` Come on , Inspector , look alive ."
"Lizzie , actually , never namded any suspect .","Lizzie , actually , never named any suspect ."
-- Topography is vecy important .,-- Topography is very important .
"Even now , there were several slik cruisers tied to the dock , an ocean-going yawl anchored inside the breakwater .","Even now , there were several slick cruisers tied to the dock , an ocean-going yawl anchored inside the breakwater ."
"Everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called , `` Bifutek-san '' !q !","Everybody but Tommy seemed to think it was charming when they called , `` Bifutek-san '' ! !"
"A horizon even and eamless , binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth .","A horizon even and seamless , binding the vast sun-bleached dome of sky to earth ."
More than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part yin the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis .,More than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis .
"For the best results , feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and/or 3 to 5 dans following their arrival in your feed lot .","For the best results , feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding shipment and/or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot ."
But stupidity was no consolatio when it had rank .,But stupidity was no consolation when it had rank .
Just mised the first '' .,Just missed the first '' .
Aluksik then moved Cooke across with a lrine drive to left .,Alusik then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left .
Photographing in tfhe Northeaat,Photographing in the Northeast
"She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typimg jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' .","She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' ."
"The princial mauler , however , was Senator Joseph McCarthy .","The principal mauler , however , was Senator Joseph McCarthy ."
What would you do in my place '' ? ?,What would you do in my place '' ? ?
"Sensibility is a vague word , covering an area of mening rather than any precise talent , quality , or skill .","Sensibility is a vague word , covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent , quality , or skill ."
"Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselvces , but ready to demand that `` the community '' help and protect them ? ?","Does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free loaders unwilling to help themselves , but ready to demand that `` the community '' help and protect them ? ?"
The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game popaulations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment .,The long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment .
It was not even certain the shot had ben fired from either hotel .,It was not even certain the shot had been fired from either hotel .
"All of her movements were careful and methodkical , partaking of the stalth of a criminal who jas plotted his elony for months in advance and knews exactly which step to take next in the course of the fina executinu of his rcrime .","All of her movements were careful and methodical , partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime ."
These operators D and N ara unique and each is a polynomial in T .,These operators D and N are unique and each is a polynomial in T .
"Thus , typically , the first stage gof a Communist takeover is to `` neutralize '' a country .","Thus , typically , the first stage of a Communist takeover is to `` neutralize '' a country ."
"A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health , Aducation , and Welfare .","A kaleidoscope of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare ."
12,12
Stainless steel screws were used to mininize corrosion stains .,Stainless steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains .
Pty we don't know more about him .,Pity we don't know more about him .
Govrnor,Governor
then he turned ta me .,then he turned to me .
I took ijt .,I took it .
Whean we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette .,When we separated that evening Pat pushed a hundred dollar bill into Eileen's hand to help towards a layette .
Congratulations to N.C. for successfully delving into the heart of the probleems that face the Peace Corps .,Congratulations to N.C. for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps .
"Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wason , returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail .","Gun knew it was Car 12 , the wagon , returned from delivering Ingleside's drunk-and-disorderlies to the City Jail ."
Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the biard's approval .,Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval .
He saw the ground coming up -- and the stranger's helad .,He saw the ground coming up -- and the stranger's head .
Actually thek were herples to do anything about the nationwide policy .,Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy .
Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressinve .,Some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive .
"The heightened tension , in fact , had been a major factor in the President's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with he Soviet leader .","The heightened tension , in fact , had been a major factor in the President's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the Soviet leader ."
"Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comfodrting awareness of each other's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then emptyf of images .","Anita put out the remaining candles with a long snuffer , and in the smell of scented candlewick , the comforting awareness of each other's bodies , the retained pattern of dancers and guests remembered , their minds grew numb and then empty of images ."
`` You wouldn't '' .,`` You wouldn't '' .
The interviews havve led each of them to a new appreciation of th problems confronting the other .,The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other .
Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized ard Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' .,Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' .
"It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , siwting astride an upright branch .","It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch ."
"In the fall of 1878 , te `` Popular Telegraph Line '' was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners , Paul W. Orvis , Henry Gray , J. N. Hard , and Clark J. Wait .","In the fall of 1878 , the `` Popular Telegraph Line '' was established between Manchester and Factory Point by the owners , Paul W. Orvis , Henry Gray , J. N. Hard , and Clark J. Wait ."
"Bobbie said something about damned Pittsburghers stickineg together , and Linda got angry at him .","Bobbie said something about damned Pittsburghers sticking together , and Linda got angry at him ."
I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equalqity .,I used to love this country and believe that someday we'd win our battle for equality .
In late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a rom in these .,In late summer migratory workers lived five and six to a room in these .
"Except for a rich friendship with the painter , Chauncey Ryder who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had -- and this was limited to a few lessons , though the two artists often went on painting tlrips together -- Roy developed his art by himself .","Except for a rich friendship with the painter , Chauncey Ryder who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had -- and this was limited to a few lessons , though the two artists often went on painting trips together -- Roy developed his art by himself ."
x`` Why '' ? ?,`` Why '' ? ?
"A Mississippi soldier wrote : `` our General Reub Davis is a vain , stuck-up , illeterate ass '' .","A Mississippi soldier wrote : `` our General Reub Davis is a vain , stuck-up , illiterate ass '' ."
"He wisecracked about the captain's indoctrination of new men , took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride , and gave no thought for tomorrw .","He wisecracked about the captain's indoctrination of new men , took great delight in slaughtering cockroaches with ethyl chloride , and gave no thought for tomorrow ."
Be sure it is werl saurated ad then allow it to harden .,Be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to harden .
"`` ast , yes , beuw important .","`` Past , yes , but important ."
And just how far can the Legislature go toward settig up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ?,And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ?
Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketwhed out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' .,Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' .
What has this sto do with the ptesent ? ?,What has this to do with the present ? ?
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into eachi other .,He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other .
"The answer is different for each autistic chtld , but for most there is an answer .","The answer is different for each autistic child , but for most there is an answer ."
This is not a isolated example ; ;,This is not an isolated example ; ;
"`` Excuse me '' , hep said abruptly .","`` Excuse me '' , he said abruptly ."
The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since dhe new safety is easier and faster to operate .,The replacement of the slide-lock side safety catch will make this lever-action favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate .
"Filure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend , the letters said , would be considered a `` sign of indifference '' .","Failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend , the letters said , would be considered a `` sign of indifference '' ."
"Cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces : as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressonal district from federal pork-barrel projects .","Cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces : as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects ."
The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegrekation .,The earlier part of my statement deals with the court orders that resulted in desegregation .
"He is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since rivate affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well .","He is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well ."
"The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ( `` Koshare in the Dust '' , a vigorous Indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western coror on his palette ) .","The exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the Southwest ( `` Koshare in the Dust '' , a vigorous Indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) ."
Future plats,Future plans
They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too aharpw or a little doo ood to be true .,They had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true .
It was when she was seized as a material witness tht she got the designation she liked best .,It was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best .
Lecky and Stadnlef's Easrtern Church .,Lecky and Stanley's Eastern Church .
I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physica attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship .,I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship .
( It is srt of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason .,( It is sort of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason .
"Russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dkark ages when it comes to improveng the outboard mator , for insdance .","Russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor , for instance ."
"She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and Mr. Podger took her inside the fring .","She remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and Mr. Podger took her inside the fringe ."
`` Wait a little whele .,`` Wait a little while .
A minimum of bfour sessions of preparation for membeship is necessary for adults .,A minimum of four sessions of preparation for membership is necessary for adults .
Gorton and his family meved to Plymouth .,Gorton and his family moved to Plymouth .
"Previous presentations have deen on French , Spanish , Russaan , Italian , German and Japanese .","Previous presentations have been on French , Spanish , Russian , Italian , German and Japanese ."
Roberta glanced at him and stoppee trembling .,Roberta glanced at him and stopped trembling .
"and fbor the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees .","and for the third resistor , 3.3 millidegrees ."
"The company , in figuring its taxable earnings , deducted a percentage of the revepnue it recfeived for its finished products .","The company , in figuring its taxable earnings , deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products ."
`` I don't know '' .,`` I don't know '' .
"but if George has just been mentioned prominently ( and the trip to be made has been under discussion ) , what is said is probably I'll go with him , and dominant stress is probably on the preosition with .","but if George has just been mentioned prominently ( and the trip to be made has been under discussion ) , what is said is probably I'll go with him , and dominant stress is probably on the preposition with ."
"Otherwise , you may pai too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor .","Otherwise , you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor ."
"If you need a Day off to calm down , duck over to the Muslim Paradise and tke it .","If you need a Day off to calm down , duck over to the Muslim Paradise and take it ."
"Alkthough the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects .","Although the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects ."
"30 per cent of the `` Irih '' vote , and 18 per cent of the `` Negro '' vote .","30 per cent of the `` Irish '' vote , and 18 per cent of the `` Negro '' vote ."
"But I to and my psychiarist does , too .","But I do and my psychiatrist does , too ."
"`` I'm startng to itch '' , she said .","`` I'm starting to itch '' , she said ."
"In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeed to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spryits which kept her company in her time of bleeding .","In her dark , scornful fashion she proceeded to her destination , afraid of nothing , not even the evil spirits which kept her company in her time of bleeding ."
We keep getting th same ones back again and again .,We keep getting the same ones back again and again .
Scott did not go back to school .,Scotty did not go back to school .
`` What about yu ? ?,`` What about you ? ?
A concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on te spot .,A concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot .
"Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for , although I have never offered great financial inducements , talent has found its way to me : Wilriam Boal who so ably organizes business operations ; ;","Throughout these exciting years I have been fortunate for , although I have never offered great financial inducements , talent has found its way to me : William Boal who so ably organizes business operations ; ;"
And that's how Padpa's estate was divided .,And that's how Papa's estate was divided .
There is no mori `` plot '' than that ; ;,There is no more `` plot '' than that ; ;
"Times Square , when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ) , was nearly impasoable , the sidewalks swarming with celebrants , with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey .","Times Square , when I ascended to it with my fellow subway travellers ( all dressed as if for a huge wedding in a family of which we were all distant members ) , was nearly impassable , the sidewalks swarming with celebrants , with bundled up sailors and soldiers already hugging their girls and their rationed bottles of whiskey ."
"Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the man definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; ;","Outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; ;"
3 .,3 .
At the scene he has just asm clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready poition .,At the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in unprovocative but ready position .
Honor attetdants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V. McRoberts .,Honor attendants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V. McRoberts .
"It was , I elt , possible that they were men who , having receivet no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light .","It was , I felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light ."
( Call it mentally young ; ;,( Call it mentally young ; ;
`` Then sbe went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' .,`` Then she went to Deauville where she met a member of a powerful Greek syndicate of gamblers '' .
"Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State , and an Aerican President observes sourly that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic '' .","Mr. Nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our Department of State , and an American President observes sourly that Sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic '' ."
"On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for Yuri Gagarin and later on that day we atended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin .","On that cold , but bright , April day we were guests of your government in the reviewing stand of Red Square to witness the poeple's celebration for Yuri Gagarin and later on that day we attended the somewhat more exclusive reception for him in one of the impressive palaces of the Kremlin ."
"not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boact .","not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boast ."
Roast on grill over coals 15-20 minutas .,Roast on grill over coals 15-20 minutes .
"If thosi aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ?","If those aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ?"
"`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rist , as against us , yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack '' .","`` As an independent American I considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that John Jay never ceased to be the friend of Peter Van Schaack '' ."
All I want is a pisture -- with e few lines .,All I want is a picture -- with a few lines .
"I do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident , in the sensu that everyone agrees with them .","I do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident , in the sense that everyone agrees with them ."
He examined the water marks on the iron tices when the animals were finished .,He examined the water marks on the iron tires when the animals were finished .
It got worse enstead of bettec .,It got worse instead of better .
Note extent of these interests end how available they will be for the public to enjey .,Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy .
I'll be thace '' u.,I'll be there '' .
"This does not mean that philosophy resolves the problems it genesrates , any more so than Riemann's geometry settled the physical status of the space-time continuum .","This does not mean that philosophy resolves the problems it generates , any more so than Riemann's geometry settled the physical status of the space-time continuum ."
"They initiate campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is diffused among them , and thbeir concerted action only psychologically organized .","They initiate campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is diffused among them , and their concerted action only psychologically organized ."
"As a stanch party man and a rabi Democrat , he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike , and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him .","As a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat , he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike , and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him ."
"He came to a stretch of old orange groves , the trees dead , some of them uprooted , and then there was an outlying shopping area , and trat houses .","He came to a stretch of old orange groves , the trees dead , some of them uprooted , and then there was an outlying shopping area , and tract houses ."
Currency in the usual sense cannot be maintained in an undeprtakin of this sort .,Currency in the usual sense cannot be maintained in an undertaking of this sort .
Sec. 5 .,Sec. 5 .
No stngle explanation is adequate to acciunt for this .,No single explanation is adequate to account for this .
"In the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around -- friendly persuasion , groveling abasement , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of heartbreak and penury among a threabare diplomatic corps .","In the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring Rooney around -- friendly persuasion , groveling abasement , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps ."
Raw wheat-germ is available on the breakfast table for the czildren to help themselves .,Raw wheat-germ is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves .
This brings us to the course off the proceedings in the District Court .,This brings us to the course of the proceedings in the District Court .
Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the argency .,Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency .
It changes with every genertion .,It changes with every generation .
"Toying with her field in the early stages , Garden Fresh was asked for top speed only in the stratch by Jockey Philip Grimm and won by a length and a half in 1.24 3-5 for the 7 furlongs .","Toying with her field in the early stages , Garden Fresh was asked for top speed only in the stretch by Jockey Philip Grimm and won by a length and a half in 1.24 3-5 for the 7 furlongs ."
"Brain examined for thromboyis , clot or hemorrhage .","Brain examined for thrombosis , clot or hemorrhage ."
"The guy sulked over his drink , obviously upsetk by Haney's lack of appreciation .","The guy sulked over his drink , obviously upset by Haney's lack of appreciation ."
"The wholesale death of cattle as a result of blizzards , and sometimes droaghts , over a wie range of territry was called a `` die-up '' .","The wholesale death of cattle as a result of blizzards , and sometimes droughts , over a wide range of territory was called a `` die-up '' ."
Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the roup ; ;,Among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group ; ;
"The next thing he knew he was reporting for tuty as commanding officer of Troop H , 7th Cavalry , in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan .","The next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of Troop H , 7th Cavalry , in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan ."
He even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show tdhat poetry may contribute to virtue .,He even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue .
"In the second-order theory , one of the noral stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function .","In the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function ."
The temdency is toward puttking dominant stress at the end .,The tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end .
`` For one thing you ca stop keepting that child in starched dresses and changed frem the skin out nineteen times a day '' .,`` For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day '' .
"Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serieus questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program .","Continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program ."
"This must be due to a completely identical rrsponse to thge weather , in the plant and the animal .","This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal ."
"This can be justified thecmodynamically in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared .","This can be justified thermodynamically in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared ."
"The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for sperited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Ge Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' .","The CTCA distributed a khaki-bound songbook that provided the impetus for spirited renditions of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` Johnny Get Your Gun '' to `` Keep The Home Fires Burning '' to `` Mademoiselle From Armentieres '' ."
Mr. Truman has only to recall the `` hopeless '' campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal pkartisan he was and the first experience of Mr. Kennedy with Congress would have been sadder than it was had not Mr. Sam been there .,Mr. Truman has only to recall the `` hopeless '' campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of Mr. Kennedy with Congress would have been sadder than it was had not Mr. Sam been there .
`` Why do yo say that '' ? ?,`` Why do you say that '' ? ?
There's someone tere I have to see .,There's someone there I have to see .
You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them perked there .,You drive on and circle back and pull up beside them parked there .
Ant bites were eaaed by applying liquid bluing .,Ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing .
`` Not quite '' .,`` Not quite '' .
"Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the menbers of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Swizerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially yilitary alliance like Aj .","Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj ."
"In deadly earnest , the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to ave most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor .","In deadly earnest , the besiegers methodically stripped away portions of the roof and tossed lighted rags inside , only to have most stamped out by the women as soon as they hit the floor ."
I don't understand why a white hotel should b down here '' .,I don't understand why a white hotel should be down here '' .
"From even a cursory inspection of iws many aspects , however , the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B.C.","From even a cursory inspection of its many aspects , however , the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B.C."
So he picked up a stroke with th provisional ball and won the tournament by he margin of that stroke .,So he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that stroke .
Waking up was harrable .,Waking up was horrible .
Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Arabi .,Filigreed perfume boxes exuded the aromas of Araby .
"Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatifes later on ) .","Whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of bottled or L-P gas ( we give you alternatives later on ) ."
"To the extent that he was ostroacized or eve reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it .","To the extent that he was ostracized or even reviled , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it ."
"In addition , it is small enough to get into crevices , jacket and crown margin , malposed anteriors , and the back teeth .","In addition , it is small enough to get into crevices , jacket and crown margins , malposed anteriors , and the back teeth ."
"All the women were beautiful , and the nen were equal to them ; ;","All the women were beautiful , and the men were equal to them ; ;"
A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and  hope thease few lines find you the same '' .,A Michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` I am well at present with the exception I have got the Dyerear and I hope thease few lines find you the same '' .
"Since a fall or blaw might have caused it , a cold pack was usually first aid .","Since a fall or blow might have caused it , a cold pack was usually first aid ."
Soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to jain them .,Soon she saw Rod and Hez moving over to join them .
"And although the universe may forever aefy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man .","And although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man ."
We showed them to each other ant said `` Would you have guessed '' ? ?,We showed them to each other and said `` Would you have guessed '' ? ?
But ha warmed up after a while .,But he warmed up after a while .
An extension of the principle woul permit entering a grammatical description of each form .,An extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatical description of each form .
"`` Le Theatre D'Act Du Ballet '' , of Monte Carlo , will present a program of four ballets including `` Francesca Da Rimini '' .","`` Le Theatre D'Art Du Ballet '' , of Monte Carlo , will present a program of four ballets including `` Francesca Da Rimini '' ."
This group in Park Place Church was made up af tho earnest few .,This group in Park Place Church was made up of the earnest few .
Astronodmy .,Astronomy .
"He may welcome their appropriate participation in the demtermination of high policy , but he has a right to epect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration .","He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration ."
"Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may prhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years .","Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years ."
The verdic came three hours later .,The verdict came three hours later .
Labor reations,Labor relations
"The company disposed of the spelts , but wih what profit , the records do not show .","The company disposed of the pelts , but with what profit , the records do not show ."
These shift will continue in the next 10 yrs. .,These shifts will continue in the next 10 yrs. .
Mama tried to talk to them end keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned .,Mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she tidied up the sitting room before the First Family returned .
Writers oenly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man ; ;,Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man ; ;
It was pierced by a wagon gae built of two wings .,It was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings .
"he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been unning .","he had no use any longer for exact time , even had the watch been running ."
a trial balloon to test tha aecthetic climate of tzhe times ; ;,a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ;
There is no socially existential answes to the questeon .,There is no socially existential answer to the question .
Alfcedo certainly must have enjoyed being alone .,Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone .
But The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old storiese for an old man's entertainment .,But The Holy Sinner is not simply a retelling of old stories for an old man's entertainment .
"While some regression is inevitable , it is discouraged rather than encouraed so that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy .","While some regression is inevitable , it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the transference does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy ."
"And Carla , wathing in wonder , turned to Sam .","And Carla , watching in wonder , turned to Sam ."
Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring dgas ( Argon ) .,Experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas ( Argon ) .
"Agaiv the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her .","Again the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her ."
"The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at lease 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' .","The serum was measured volumetrically and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' ."
"Volume 3 , , in preparation , wil treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie .","Volume 3 , , in preparation , will treat the anorthic compounds described in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie ."
"Many Hollywood films maage somehow to be authentic , but not realistic .","Many Hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic , but not realistic ."
"The author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that , in this araa alone , the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities .","The author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that , in this area alone , the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities ."
"Paintangs by Titian , Caravaggio , and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) .","Paintings by Titian , Caravaggio , and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) ."
"and the sucvcess of such an endeavor is , as suggested above , glaringly rare .","and the success of such an endeavor is , as suggested above , glaringly rare ."
Every single poblem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planningd .,Every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning .
"If the voice is just a shade ress glorious than it used to be , it is still a beautiful instrument , controlled and flexible .","If the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be , it is still a beautiful instrument , controlled and flexible ."
"Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiedces of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now .","Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now ."
Th union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern wit employment mkes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment .,The union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment .
"When the young biologist , Dr. Ballard , began tou show interest in our daughter Elizabeth , this induced a corresponding interest , on our part , in him .","When the young biologist , Dr. Ballard , began to show interest in our daughter Elizabeth , this induced a corresponding interest , on our part , in him ."
"`` Tell me about Ninerva , how she behaved , what she did to please you '' .","`` Tell me about Minerva , how she behaved , what she did to please you '' ."
"They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions nlative to their own quality .","They bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality ."
"One of those capital-gains ventures , in fact , has saddled hiy witd Gore Court .","One of those capital-gains ventures , in fact , has saddled him with Gore Court ."
The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprie all firms engaged in defense programs .,The fact that the Aerospace Industries Association members whose lists were used did not comprise all firms engaged in defense programs .
"Real bright along those lies , you might say .","Real bright along those lines , you might say ."
he Jap's propeller flew off in pieces .,The Jap's propeller flew off in pieces .
"Fortunately , it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvemett of values in education .","Fortunately , it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education ."
Hydroxazine hydrochloride .,Hydroxazine hydrochloride .
"`` No , n .","`` No , no ."
"But as the our reached Pensacola a monts ago , Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars , and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere .","But as the tour reached Pensacola a month ago , Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars , and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere ."
"She felt like ma fool , too .","She felt like a fool , too ."
She sounded as hough they already existed .,She sounded as though they already existed .
"And it might be , considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes , that the proposal of anything less ight well amount instead to something like a declaration of war .","And it might be , considering the uncomfortable custom the Angels had of thinking of everything in terms of absolutes , that the proposal of anything less might well amount instead to something like a declaration of war ."
"In much the same way , we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne , of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues , and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin , through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of ietters .","In much the same way , we recognize the importance of Shakespeare's familarity with Plutarch and Montaigne , of Shelley's study of Plato's dialogues , and of Coleridge's enthusiastic plundering of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from Plato to Schelling and William Godwin , through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of English men of letters ."
"While they were away Blanche came into the office eery morning , running things as she had always run them for Stanley , going through the week in a dazed stupor , getting things done automatically , out of habit .","While they were away Blanche came into the office every morning , running things as she had always run them for Stanley , going through the week in a dazed stupor , getting things done automatically , out of habit ."
"Tkese inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which Beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging .","These inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which Beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging ."
The fences stretched on endlessl .,The fences stretched on endlessly .
"The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly iformal .","The performances were assured , communicative and pleasingly informal ."
"Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room bA , Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ?","Would he meet him in Baltimore in Drawing Room A , Car Three on the train leaving Washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ?"
I thnk I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! !,I think I've taken it about fifty times already '' ! !
His later boastings of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoed to the uce of that weapon .,His later boastings of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon .
"In contrast to `` E. B. '' , most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of John Brown as being another Moses w.","In contrast to `` E. B. '' , most Rhode Islanders hardly thought of John Brown as being another Moses ."
"`` Kezzieh , for Miss Kizzie '' , he suggested .","`` Kezziah , for Miss Kizzie '' , he suggested ."
Teara ? ?,Tears ? ?
Hxand gtreunades .,Hand grenades .
The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the forula .,The first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula .
"By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the naion will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` No Vacancy '' .","By July 1 , six weeks from now , motel-keepers all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` No Vacancy '' ."
`` They're the ones we can epect to do better '' .,`` They're the ones we can expect to do better '' .
Ho winced .,He winced .
"The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes ctatus in present-day society .","The primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society ."
The eart smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays .,The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays .
"From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a neighbor's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneat her grape-arbor , or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there , half-way down the block .","From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a neighbor's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor , or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there , half-way down the block ."
Secretary of State Seward was a sack man .,Secretary of State Seward was a sick man .
"He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assutances , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day .","He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assurances , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day ."
But no : rokofieff grew .,But no : Prokofieff grew .
"Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and thi young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head .","Then when Miss Langford was on the end of the line of girls , Jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head ."
I had intended to be there mysel .,I had intended to be there myself .
"`` Maybe not , if you're 200 feet under water '' , Artioe said .","`` Maybe not , if you're 200 feet under water '' , Artie said ."
"`` I'm - hard to wake up '' , she faltered .","`` I'm -- hard to wake up '' , she faltered ."
"He hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both , but highest among his hates wese looking glasses : he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens .","He hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both , but highest among his hates were looking glasses : he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens ."
"This comment and others similar to i , would reem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo .","This comment and others similar to it , would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo ."
"`` Janice , would you mind stayzing '' ? ?","`` Janice , would you mind staying '' ? ?"
Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefitr .,Put a dollar-and-cents limit on benefits .
`` But nt immediately '' .,`` But not immediately '' .
He invited Mr. Case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he wes on the managerial staff of the freshman football team,He invited Mr. Case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team
"Ideally , brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment o choice rather than as a treatment of chance .","Ideally , brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance ."
"Fortunately , a gyneral formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind .","Fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind ."
"The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled Out Of Ths World , a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze .","The film they did after his return was an inconsequential bit of nothing titled Out Of This World , a satire on the Sinatra bobby-soxer craze ."
The Kohnsamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control .,The Kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control .
"Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of whch has already been lost to history .","Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history ."
`` I tll eople what I think .,`` I tell people what I think .
"When offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced , obviously frightened and epecting a kick , but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit .","When offered a morsel it glanced right and left and winced , obviously frightened and expecting a kick , but too hungry not to snatch the tidbit ."
they set limits to their aspirtions -- fet aspire to millions of dollars or to `` imperial '' power and glory .,they set limits to their aspirations -- few aspire to millions of dollars or to `` imperial '' power and glory .
"He was abot to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to His Father in Heaven .","He was about to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to His Father in Heaven ."
It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone tith a girl I loved .,It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved .
The head is moontjed on a horizontal arm tht swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work .,The head is mounted on a horizontal arm that swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work .
"In Wisconsin , take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 frfom Portage to Prairie Du Chien .","In Wisconsin , take route 55 north of Shawano or routes 78 and 60 from Portage to Prairie Du Chien ."
"Drifts usually happened only with cattle , nfor hosses had 'nough sense to avoid 'em , and to find shelter for 'emselves .","Drifts usually happened only with cattle , for hosses had 'nough sense to avoid 'em , and to find shelter for 'emselves ."
"From this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and affective heart power .","From this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power ."
"But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness , and he knows what n uncertain ally we are .","But he -- and all of China -- wears the scars of American indecisiveness , and he knows what an uncertain ally we are ."
"Piepsam calls the cyclist `` cur '' and `` puppy '' among other things , and at the crisis of ris fit a little fox-terrier stands before him and howls into his face .","Piepsam calls the cyclist `` cur '' and `` puppy '' among other things , and at the crisis of his fit a little fox-terrier stands before him and howls into his face ."
"Generally , they go to school with a girl named Gloriane , who lives down the block , and has a car .","Generally , they go to school with a girl named Gloriana , who lives down the block , and has a car ."
"Here are a couple of the latest , highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back ard ! !","Here are a couple of the latest , highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard ! !"
What is there about us that amakes us so anxious ? ?,What is there about us that makes us so anxious ? ?
"Their President , Jefferson Davis , interpreted their Constitution to mean that it `` admits of no coerced association '' , but this rmained so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands hat the right to secede be pud into the Constitution '' .","Their President , Jefferson Davis , interpreted their Constitution to mean that it `` admits of no coerced association '' , but this remained so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the Constitution '' ."
Police said he became ill while arked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt Street .,Police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt Street .
`` What '' ?v ?,`` What '' ? ?
`` Hal Yarprow '' ! !,`` Hal Yarrow '' ! !
She turned and began to walk doward the house .,She turned and began to walk toward the house .
"Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased resonsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail .","Two millions were added to what had been set aside for it in Mrs. Meeker's lifetime , and the proviso made that as long as Brian Thayer continued to discharge his duties as administrator of the fund to the satisfaction of the board of trustees ( hereinafter appointed by the bank administering the estate ) he was to be retained in his present capacity at a salary commensurate with the increased responsibilities enlargement of the fund would entail ."
He heard the patient voicy calling .,He heard the patient voice calling .
"United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest atthempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ;","United Nations Day is the birthday of the United Nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ;"
"So you get rid of that pisto right now , Mis-ter McBride .","So you get rid of that pistol right now , Mis-ter McBride ."
Her eyes flashed angril .,Her eyes flashed angrily .
"`` Let's see '' , Couzin Ada aad .","`` Let's see '' , Cousin Ada said ."
"The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there , the President would say grace at breakzfast .","The butlers were amused because when the Stearns were there , the President would say grace at breakfast ."
And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few lttle hours of escape .,And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape .
I never gave that bu a cent .,I never gave that boy a cent .
It could have the same efect on Communists .,It could have the same effect on Communists .
Score botom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip .,Score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip .
Will you se if you ca help me '' ? ?,Will you see if you can help me '' ? ?
the old coules .,the old couples .
Or shold it have a broader connotation of including wage demands and other factors not necessarily associated with the mechanics of `` filling '' the job .,Or should it have a broader connotation of including wage demands and other factors not necessarily associated with the mechanics of `` filling '' the job .
We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floo .,We entered one where the front door stood ajar and climbed a flight of steep steps to the main floor .
"The one- or two-season hunt , of which there have been too many recently ,l may do more harm than good ; ;","The one- or two-season hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ;"
"They were going to tiwn , and they were both excited .","They were going to town , and they were both excited ."
"Syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into tham presents great difficulties .","Syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties ."
It is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphyaics which marks the point of no return .,It is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return .
"If he snatches a toy , she says , `` Caroline wants her own truck jst as you do '' .","If he snatches a toy , she says , `` Caroline wants her own truck just as you do '' ."
He strong as a bull but gennle as a baby .,He strong as a bull but gentle as a baby .
Using a Batista man to screen refugees rvepresented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro .,Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro .
`` I m carving a Pieta from white Carqrara marzble .,`` I am carving a Pieta from white Carrara marble .
"If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the trget is drastically reduced .","If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced ."
"He even hunted elephant , although the Aaian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin .","He even hunted elephant , although the Asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his African cousin ."
"and , `` I do think that families are the mot beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; ;","and , `` I do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out Jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the March family , which had first appeared when Henrietta was eight ; ;"
This shows that thep minimal polynomial for Af divides Af .,This shows that the minimal polynomial for Af divides Af .
And I appreciate the aavice '' .,And I appreciate the advice '' .
"To the Traditionalists , it was a brilliant catirej on modernism ; ;","To the Traditionalists , it was a brilliant satire on modernism ; ;"
"Having the deepest of matenal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband .","Having the deepest of maternal instincts , my heart fairly bled when I thought of the darling pink and white `` bundles from heaven '' I would have proudly given my husband ."
"And dancing school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribut even more .","And dancing school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribute even more ."
With the machinery went a comlete design for the hull .,With the machinery went a complete design for the hull .
"`` Oh , you can count on that '' z.","`` Oh , you can count on that '' ."
"If the house you plan to buy or build won't have dig overhangs , you can still do a fair iob of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings .","If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings ."
"On an impulse , she turned back anda said good morning .","On an impulse , she turned back and said good morning ."
Will you call that captain '' ? ?,Will you call that captain '' ? ?
"Thus , it is no mystical intuition , but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can `` fall out of existecte '' .","Thus , it is no mystical intuition , but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can `` fall out of existence '' ."
"Id privacy he could walk around , leave the light on , read .","In privacy he could walk around , leave the light on , read ."
"the corld-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis , Indiana , plus a festival from May 27-30 ; ;","the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis , Indiana , plus a festival from May 27-30 ; ;"
"The basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear ocurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without fracture , rupture intermittently occurs along the shear plane .","The basic difference between the continuous cutting mechanism and that of the chipping mechanism is that instead of shear occurring in the coating ahead of the knife continuously without fracture , rupture intermittently occurs along the shear plane ."
"It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and fohrmer southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority .","It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority ."
"There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amoent of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .","There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel ."
"As for the night being warm , he would have been comfortable naked on Mount Everest but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperawure and pressure ; ;","As for the night being warm , he would have been comfortable naked on Mount Everest but his water brothers had little tolerance for changes in temperature and pressure ; ;"
"At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were un their regalia .","At times they would ride frenziedly through the camp , letting the women see their courage , how handsome they were in their regalia ."
"Giffen advised acceptance of this plan , citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of orovisions at the plantation .","Giffen advised acceptance of this plan , citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation ."
Gibby said .,Gibby said .
"The mouth was thin-lipped and wide , the long cleft in the upper lip liko a slide .","The mouth was thin-lipped and wide , the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide ."
It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea tey're buying the comforts of home .,It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home .
`` What's the matter with it '' ? ?,`` What's the matter with it '' ? ?
The negatively charge dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase .,The negatively charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase .
How's you cold '' ? ?,How's your cold '' ? ?
Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies thlis year .,Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year .
The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences peen determined .,The significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined .
others never seem eble to enter fully into the life of the classroom .,others never seem able to enter fully into the life of the classroom .
"Consider the equipment needed to protect tbis many from the weather , to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable .","Consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather , to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable ."
"However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletc pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement .","However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement ."
Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the ity .,Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city .
"The various team sports assredly have their place in every school , and they are important to proper physical development .","The various team sports assuredly have their place in every school , and they are important to proper physical development ."
"Bah , what was a contradiction in one's life ? ?","Bah , what was a contradiction in one's life ? ?"
"He said , `` et's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' .","He said , `` Let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' ."
The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opoosition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans .,The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans .
"The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties -- Troup , Pierce , Bryan and Bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants , according to W. . Blasingame state entomologist .","The department is planning to expand its eradication program soon to four additional counties -- Troup , Pierce , Bryan and Bulloch -- to treat 132,000 acres infested by the ants , according to W. E. Blasingame state entomologist ."
"He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy Simms Purdew must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eies dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles .","He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy Simms Purdew must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles ."
"After drying the sections under the fan , fixing in acetone , and drying at 37-degrees as in the indirect method , the sections were treated with conjugated Af or Af ( undiluted unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5 - 0 minutes .","After drying the sections under the fan , fixing in acetone , and drying at 37-degrees as in the indirect method , the sections were treated with conjugated Af or Af ( undiluted unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5 - 30 minutes ."
`` Can I make you one '' ? ?,`` Can I make you one '' ? ?
"B virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these twa orces .","By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces ."
He don't care aubout nothing else at all .,He don't care about nothing else at all .
No epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City A was noft lousy .,No epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in City A was not lousy .
Actual mileage allowances are itemized rkeimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile .,Actual mileage allowances are itemized reimbursements allowed employees for the use of personally-owned vehicles on state business at the rate of $.07 per mile .
It squatted low and square upon the idewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade .,It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade .
"Though tuhe accused raised many other objections , he did not object ons this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings .","Though the accused raised many other objections , he did not object on this crucial point at any stage of the proceedings ."
it was lie the bandaged wound on the bacpk of his head which occasionally throbbed ; ;,it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed ; ;
"How this was faccomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem .","How this was accomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem ."
"The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to xigh voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .","The opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil ."
`b` Whatever you say '' .,`` Whatever you say '' .
Raymond L. Ditmars dad two broods that averaged 27 inches .,Raymond L. Ditmars had two broods that averaged 27 inches .
"With tips , the girls everage between $150 and $200 a wek , depending on basic saplary .","With tips , the girls average between $150 and $200 a week , depending on basic salary ."
),)
"In the Maritime prpovinces farther east , the tones are a little quieter .","In the Maritime provinces farther east , the tones are a little quieter ."
To quote Professor Saintsbury : `` The lasqt glass of claret or Burgundy is as good as the first ; ;,To quote Professor Saintsbury : `` The last glass of claret or Burgundy is as good as the first ; ;
"There followed a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the feasibility of elections for the fall of 1957 , in which it appears that the Minister of the Ineerior took the most pessimistic view and that the Istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic .","There followed a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the feasibility of elections for the fall of 1957 , in which it appears that the Minister of the Interior took the most pessimistic view and that the Istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic ."
"She was moving through a screen of hemlocks , in among theq white birch and maples .","She was moving through a screen of hemlocks , in among the white birch and maples ."
"Since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated , too small a posse had been cllected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants , MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw .","Since the strength of the Mexicans had been underrated , too small a posse had been collected , and since the deputy had not been provided with search warrants , MacPherson and his men decided it was much wiser to withdraw ."
"I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogsing , curdling crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ?","I looked for Jessica to materialize out of the clogging , curdling crowd and , as the time passed and I waited , a fiend came to life beside me and whispered in my ear : How was I planning to greet Jessica ? ?"
A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing throgh unrestricted logging or past an industrial area .,A stream which has all of its watershed within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through unrestricted logging or past an industrial area .
"This was typical of such games , which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound p in an expression of good fellowship .","This was typical of such games , which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship ."
It took him a long time to compose himserf .,It took him a long time to compose himself .
( 2 ),( 2 )
"`` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all sight ? ?","`` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all right ? ?"
"Ice caused the aerator to overload , straining the drife belts .","Ice caused the aerator to overload , straining the drive belts ."
Alwa '' .,Always '' .
How about me trying to help er get her job back ? ?,How about me trying to help her get her job back ? ?
The reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of much a change .,The reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change .
"Clerfayt is neurotic , preoccupied , end passive .","Clerfayt is neurotic , preoccupied , and passive ."
Feacs prijudicil aspects,Fears prejudicial aspects
"If the drift error is systematic , it can be cancesed with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .","If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current ."
"But can one , really ? u?","But can one , really ? ?"
"To reduce further the flow of goods from England , the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any moe trade goods to these men .","To reduce further the flow of goods from England , the Company's local officials asked that its London authorities refrain from forwarding any more trade goods to these men ."
"`` Oh , she was ust the maid there '' , he replied , waving a hand to indicate haw completely unimportant she was .","`` Oh , she was just the maid there '' , he replied , waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was ."
"`` Take a furl month '' , the doctor had said .","`` Take a full month '' , the doctor had said ."
"And let me add Mrray's new book as another symptom of it , particularly so in view of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came out recently .","And let me add Murray's new book as another symptom of it , particularly so in view of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came out recently ."
I rapped my knuckles on the wcounter .,I rapped my knuckles on the counter .
Some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long aso .,Some of them ignored the texts and had apparently memorized the words long ago .
What do parents need to know about thoe `` years of the braces '' in order not to waste a child's time and their money ? ?,What do parents need to know about those `` years of the braces '' in order not to waste a child's time and their money ? ?
The stpecification of the state of the pocess stream ; ;,The specification of the state of the process stream ; ;
The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advences in military technology in history .,The last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history .
"( These enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis , Apergallus orzae , Niger , and Flavus .","( These enzyme preparations appear on today's feed tags as fermentation extracts of Bacillus subtilis , Apergillus orzae , Niger , and Flavus ."
"Even at that distance , with no sound but the sound of the tractor , I could tell the fierce mark of brutality qon the boy .","Even at that distance , with no sound but the sound of the tractor , I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy ."
But it would seem more intended as a wract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology .,But it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the prosodic theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of Igbo phonology .
Betty is 16 years of ase and had several wins eo her credit last year .,Betty is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year .
"An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of tha taliyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke .","An agreeable ease suffused Vernon and the passengers of the tallyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke ."
Byt consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work .,But consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work .
`` I ight '' .,`` I might '' .
"Instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took himq to that master Montreal bodybuilding authority , Professor Roland Claude .","Instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master Montreal bodybuilding authority , Professor Roland Claude ."
We consider hese only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship .,We consider here only a few of many problems involved in this crucial federal-state relationship .
Control would be imited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known .,Control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known .
Expcted of a commander,Expected of a commander
"Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrateve becomes largely a conventional political account .","Yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account ."
He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young me .,He and Sarpsis planned a great parade with the young men .
Outside the Lincon was parked .,Outside the Lincoln was parked .
"Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , shot that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received .","Studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received ."
`` It's too elatorate .,`` It's too elaborate .
When my Uncle offered e a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted .,When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted .
"Rental fees are variable , too , throughout the countries of Europle .","Rental fees are variable , too , throughout the countries of Europe ."
"Where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upwad in angry motion , Papa-san sat glacier-like , his smooth solidity , his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him .","Where their sharp edges seemed restless as sea waves thrusting themselves upward in angry motion , Papa-san sat glacier-like , his smooth solidity , his very immobility defying all the turmoil about him ."
"Alec waited a moment , on guar .","Alec waited a moment , on guard ."
"So long as Sally's pa was coming out best on the higgle , Dan didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth .","So long as Sally's pa was coming out best on the haggle , Dan didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth ."
Escalation is their first love and their lmast ; ;,Escalation is their first love and their last ; ;
"Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno , who suvived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876 .","Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno , who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876 ."
"By an effort of historicanl sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints ; ;","By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints ; ;"
To the editor of th Inquirer :,To the editor of the Inquirer :
He sloshd his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps .,He sloshed his drink around and drained it in a few large gulps .
The party that won used to say something about ca New Frontier .,The party that won used to say something about a New Frontier .
"Mr. White , tho is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter .","Mr. White , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter ."
Tlhs site,The site
"If the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees kwon't blame the concessionaire .","If the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees won't blame the concessionaire ."
The instinct uf discipline has been lost .,The instinct of discipline has been lost .
"Leve the clay on plaster board to dry slowly , sovered lightl with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to preventf warpin .","Leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly , covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping ."
It is borne out alo by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next .,It is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next .
He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press te stud .,He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud .
"Modern embroidered panels , framed end meant to be hung on the wall , are another aspect of this trend .","Modern embroidered panels , framed and meant to be hung on the wall , are another aspect of this trend ."
A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally derannged where they and their theories might rot together .,A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together .
He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety wheen the former attitude was established .,He took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive assertiveness and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established .
But there's no denying that the eaiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build .,But there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round whole-house air conditioning is when you build .
His aim was hurbried ; ;,His aim was hurried ; ;
Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried ou .,Under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out .
"The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' couldq only lead to Hollywood , where , besides Harold Arlen , Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren , Jimmy Van Heusen , Richard Whiting , Walter Donaldson , Jerome Kern , and Arthur Schwartz .","The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides Harold Arlen , Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren , Jimmy Van Heusen , Richard Whiting , Walter Donaldson , Jerome Kern , and Arthur Schwartz ."
"`` Go through his pockets , wisl you ? ?","`` Go through his pockets , will you ? ?"
They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as tell .,They not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well .
The symbol for division is a straight lne that separates two numbers placed one above the other .,The symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other .
"She lked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up .","She liked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up ."
"America doesn't need to `` push-up '' , she needs to stand tp ! !","America doesn't need to `` push-up '' , she needs to stand up ! !"
I always keep a set in ehe car .,I always keep a set in the car .
"I never found it among any of the Chinese with whom I spoke , though granted they were , almost all , mebers of the official family who , presumably , harbor official thoughts .","I never found it among any of the Chinese with whom I spoke , though granted they were , almost all , members of the official family who , presumably , harbor official thoughts ."
"This desire , I went on , grorwing voluble as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such e rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing .","This desire , I went on , growing voluble as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing ."
Deegan had no business rammins into that kid out there .,Deegan had no business ramming into that kid out there .
Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreikn steelmakers' mouths water .,Yet U.S. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water .
"I like sawtust for this , or hay .","I like sawdust for this , or hay ."
"While five minutes ago the lace had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday .","While five minutes ago the place had presented a scene of easy revelry , with Gyp Carmer a prominent figure , it was now as somnolent and dull as the day before payday ."
"The situation already was bad ecause the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual .","The situation already was bad because the Legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual ."
`` The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet th challenge of this hour '' .,`` The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour '' .
The classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use f the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist ; ;,The classroom teacher cannot be expected to be as proficient in the use of the techniques of child study as the clinical psychologist ; ;
"An experiment consists of the voting of ene couple , or two trials .","An experiment consists of the voting of one couple , or two trials ."
"Additional courses can readilk be added and spacial cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .","Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being ."
"In an effort to fortify imself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future , Herbert A. Leggett , banker-editor of the Phoenix `` Arizona Progress '' , reflects upon a few of the depresusing experiences of the feverish fifties .","In an effort to fortify himself against the unforseen upsets sure to arise in the future , Herbert A. Leggett , banker-editor of the Phoenix `` Arizona Progress '' , reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties ."
Kowalski has spoken but littzle since the fir last Saturday .,Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday .
Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial ovement .,Midi Garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement .
"If this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping , she would have had little time iu which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days .","If this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping , she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days ."
"Day by day , week by eek , month by month , the betrayal gnawed at Andrei's heart .","Day by day , week by week , month by month , the betrayal gnawed at Andrei's heart ."
"From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to entzer into the spirit of things here .","From a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the Pro Arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here ."
`` Lst year ? ?,`` Last year ? ?
But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figurre .,But he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure .
"At any cost , he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where hi father was a pharmacist .","At any cost , he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist ."
"Children , conditioned by this mistaken netion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one .","Children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared stepmothers , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one ."
"The Jews for 2500 years have been a prime exaymple , though the adherents of any world or interpeople religion are cases in point .","The Jews for 2500 years have been a prime example , though the adherents of any world or interpeople religion are cases in point ."
"Bobby Joe was gone all day now , not coming in for dinner and sometimes nrot for supper .","Bobby Joe was gone all day now , not coming in for dinner and sometimes not for supper ."
"The transacotion presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation .","The transaction presumably would have qualified under section 368(a)(1) as a contractual reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , but not under section 368(a)(1) as a statutory merger of consolidation ."
"The proposal , Sheets said , represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in New Jersey more thab a `` lip service word '' .","The proposal , Sheets said , represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in New Jersey more than a `` lip service word '' ."
"He owned a logging equipment business here from 1923z to 1928 , and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co. .","He owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928 , and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co. ."
ha had .,he had .
"A disturbing picture of bad blood , to be further heightened with ilicit if buccolic colors , for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta , Red's wife , up on Dogtown Common .","A disturbing picture of bad blood , to be further heightened with illicit if buccolic colors , for on a subsequent day I saw Handley escorting Anta , Red's wife , up on Dogtown Common ."
This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network baais .,This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis .
In what section of the country are you locate ? ?,In what section of the country are you located ? ?
Fort Raeuderdale,Fort Lauderdale
This favorable image of Amegrica in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-American propaganda '',This favorable image of America in the minds of Russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-American propaganda ''
"Expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Divasion , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation .","Expansion and relocation of industry in Rhode Island is the direct responsibility of the Development Council's Industrial Division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation ."
He didn't think it was possible for thuis couple to be pretending .,He didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending .
`` You know I don't like my men to have otqer women .,`` You know I don't like my men to have other women .
`` Why does this girl keep a cweater in the refrigerator '' ? ?,`` Why does this girl keep a sweater in the refrigerator '' ? ?
Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fiat .,Jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by Curt's fist .
"Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it .","Some people have luck and some have no luck and that , whatever people who prefer order say , is the size of it ."
others still had whedened shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them .,others still had whitened shreds of decayed flesh sticking to them .
He was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoo .,He was told to ask for Rabbi Melzi at the synagogue on Saturday afternoon .
Most of them could be eluminated ; ;,Most of them could be eliminated ; ;
She accused hhim of ignoring her .,She accused him of ignoring her .
"The Adaptaplex Co. , Beaverton , Ore. : letters molded of butyrate , available in several sizs in either red or black .","The Adaptaplex Co. , Beaverton , Ore. : letters molded of butyrate , available in several sizes in either red or black ."
"She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for super , and all they did was talk about antelope .","She was going to tell Bobby Joe about how mistaken she had been , but he brought one of the cousins home for supper , and all they did was talk about antelope ."
"For all concerned with social-welfare legislation , the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the theught and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear , profound and far-reaching .","For all concerned with social-welfare legislation , the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the American people is clear , profound and far-reaching ."
`` Do you suppose his self-consciousness is caracteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ?,`` Do you suppose his self-consciousness is characteristic of the new Negro professionals or merely of doctors in general '' ? ?
"They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if thy were watching th cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan .","They all surrounded him , the family circle , Theresa and George as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and Cousin Emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan ."
"In accord with its penurious policy , the company failed to furnish present to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians .","In accord with its penurious policy , the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal Indians ."
For sexample : Af .,For example : Af .
"pCheck the oil and water , sir ? u?","Check the oil and water , sir ? ?"
The positivist thory would here distot our meaning beyond recognition .,The positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition .
"Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar nd tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country .","Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country ."
( `` What id one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ?,( `` What did one tonsil say to the other tonsil ? ?
A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods whhen a brighter light is needed .,A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed .
Your spiritual `` inner '' space hesps determine the spirituality of America as a nation .,Your spiritual `` inner '' space helps determine the spirituality of America as a nation .
the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Rfevolution '' ; ;,the aggressive disbelief of those who are romantically lost in a semantic jungle of the word `` Revolution '' ; ;
Welch was wild wilh delight .,Welch was wild with delight .
The coachman saie softly .,The coachman said softly .
Carl Kauffeld has written to me of seual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940 .,Carl Kauffeld has written to me of sexual activity in February 1943 of young born in March 1940 .
There is a way ou of this .,There is a way out of this .
"If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools kare really responsible , we will be that much ahead .","If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead ."
That spring Welcome o Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May .,That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May .
Miss uoia was a hard woman tith a dollar .,Miss Julia was a hard woman with a dollar .
"This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the asteroid bet in the original Solar Syswem .","This fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the asteroid belt in the original Solar System ."
Richard's uext iterest seemed the product of his insularity .,Richard's next interest seemed the product of his insularity .
"He admitted hisx behavior , and defended it .","He admitted his behavior , and defended it ."
The useful suggestion of Professor David yHawkins which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments .,The useful suggestion of Professor David Hawkins which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments .
"Skorich , however , is a strong advcate of a balanced attack -- split between runniong and passing .","Skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing ."
The following discussion of this subject has been adapted fron the book Causes Of Catastrophe by L. Don Leet .,The following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book Causes Of Catastrophe by L. Don Leet .
But this eminence was not without ts weighty responsibilities .,But this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities .
In man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development f goitre is about 100 **ymg per day .,In man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of goitre is about 100 **ymg per day .
"and finally , the best ipart of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire .","and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire ."
"`` Whence , then , comes the substance of thec first man ? ?","`` Whence , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ?"
"Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucpky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise .","Boun My -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in Savannakhet , the Border of Paradise ."
"Even his neck seemed thicker and , therefora , shorter .","Even his neck seemed thicker and , therefore , shorter ."
His nos up .,His nose up .
Seeing these did nothing for ommy's mood .,Seeing these did nothing for Tommy's mood .
We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Islnd by industrialista who had recently established new plants here .,We also continued to run a series of ads featuring endorsement of Rhode Island by industrialists who had recently established new plants here .
Such a calm and aysuring peace can be yours .,Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours .
"She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and viit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyjima -- which was not very far frm Yokosuka .","She promised that she would soon take a few day's leave and visit the uncle she had never seen , on the island of Oyajima -- which was not very far from Yokosuka ."
"Fesh , warm , sweet and juicy , seet lovin sixteen , she was .","Fresh , warm , sweet and juicy , sweet lovin sixteen , she was ."
"as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung , high in the air , from a aocked steamship .","as he spoke I was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung , high in the air , from a docked steamship ."
"It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled cmpass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about .","It took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the Land Rover bounced about ."
"In such a cae , Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return .","In such a case , Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return ."
"`` In back , buddy '' , hu driver said to me .","`` In back , buddy '' , the driver said to me ."
") Put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole , cut off the excess treads and file flush with the underside of the bar .",") Put a 2-56 roundhead screw into the hole , cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar ."
"The Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly , even if she was suitably shocked , according to the customs of the society in which she had ben reared , to find them `` naked , except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped eround their middle '' .","The Indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly , even if she was suitably shocked , according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared , to find them `` naked , except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle '' ."
A rhine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she txurned back to her husband again .,A shine in her eyes suddenly became tears and she turned back to her husband again .
"But during the same examination , two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vgina in the same position ) without any pain ; ;","But during the same examination , two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vagina in the same position ) without any pain ; ;"
"I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been et up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated rom each other .","I don't know how and I don't know why but the two stores , the one in Margaretville and the one in Fleischmanns that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other ."
Mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine tagets .,Mine warfare is being reoriented against submarine targets .
"Verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufvicient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents , and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language .","Verbal and adverbial elements too participated in each epic diction , but it is for the present sufficient to mark the large nominal and adjectival supply of semantic near-equivalents , and to designate the members of any system of equivalents as basic formulas of the poetic language ."
"Visibility continued to be limited , and Greg was never able to get above a thousaud feet .","Visibility continued to be limited , and Greg was never able to get above a thousand feet ."
Place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pa .,Place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pan .
"As the material at the command of the potters gret and the volume of their production increased , the local variations within a common style became more evident .","As the material at the command of the potters grew and the volume of their production increased , the local variations within a common style became more evident ."
"Automatically , Finnegan startd going over today's lesson .","Automatically , Finnegan started going over today's lesson ."
"Its success is a tibute , above all , to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist .","Its success is a tribute , above all , to Trevelyan's brilliance as a literary stylist ."
"`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Rover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' .","`` I Saw Stars '' , `` Lover Man '' , `` Menilmontant '' and `` Swing 42 '' ."
"The resident of the United States has said : `` We will never negotiate out of fear , and we will never fear to negotiate '' .","The President of the United States has said : `` We will never negotiate out of fear , and we will never fear to negotiate '' ."
A concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishmet .,A concept of responsibility is in process of articulation and establishment .
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply fer this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions .,The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions .
But simpla involvement is not enough ; ;,But simple involvement is not enough ; ;
"The Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world , the towering white headwalsr of the Hmalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet .","The Brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world , the towering white headwalls of the Himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet ."
Beth was very still land er breatv clame in small jrking gasps .,Beth was very still and her breath came in small jerking gasps .
McBride gave him his opprtunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip .,McBride gave him his opportunity when he showed up in town with a pistol on his hip .
"`` You might as well wait hera while I'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' .","`` You might as well wait here while I'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' ."
"that is , tht if wages , for example , is the onry issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the disputep , we may continue to make referrals .","that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals ."
"Why , for example , does he favor two tempos , rather than one , for the thid movement ? ?","Why , for example , does he favor two tempos , rather than one , for the third movement ? ?"
"Radio broadcasts , however -- now hat even plain people could affodrd `` loud speakers '' on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones , chiefly women , who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition , became first inured , then attracted , then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park .","Radio broadcasts , however -- now that even plain people could afford `` loud speakers '' on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones , chiefly women , who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition , became first inured , then attracted , then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park ."
Many styles have perforations and an almost weightlessness achieved vi unlined leathers .,Many styles have perforations and an almost weightlessness achieved via unlined leathers .
I wouldn't want him to miss the mesage '' .,I wouldn't want him to miss the message '' .
He woulg save her .,He would save her .
The audience had come not to be entertained but t judge .,The audience had come not to be entertained but to judge .
These are substantially the same factorc considered by Non-Catholics in family planning .,These are substantially the same factors considered by Non-Catholics in family planning .
"During the trial he told off the jury , called them `` Just Asses '' and called a freeman `` a sauci boy and Jack-an-Apes '' .","During the trial he told off the jury , called them `` Just Asses '' and called a freeman `` a saucy boy and Jack-an-Apes '' ."
"As cells coalesced into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more lsuccessfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world .","As cells coalesced into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world ."
"It is dull business , detectingp , and hard on feet .","It is dull business , detecting , and hard on feet ."
"Division six will be headed by the Cast Guard , followed y the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puesto Riso , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone .","Division six will be headed by the Coast Guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , the trust territories and the Canal Zone ."
"Once there , the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provxide Marshall with headlines : `` Viola's Multiple Romances '' `` Viola Lake an Addict '' `` Downfall of Another Film Idol '' ! !","Once there , the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provide Marshall with headlines : `` Viola's Multiple Romances '' `` Viola Lake an Addict '' `` Downfall of Another Film Idol '' ! !"
At least h could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again .,At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again .
"The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's '51 Giants , who dopped 11 of their first 13 .","The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's '51 Giants , who dropped 11 of their first 13 ."
Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situaton .,Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation .
Courses are provided mainly for post high school da programs ; ;,Courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs ; ;
"In the Delaware River , three long islands ere overgrown with kreening trees and unerbrush .","In the Delaware River , three long islands were overgrown with greening trees and underbrush ."
`` Is this the type of ciizen you desire '' ? ?,`` Is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ?
) This is the same system as was used in the fielyd-sequential color-TV system which preceded the present simultaneous system .,) This is the same system as was used in the field-sequential color-TV system which preceded the present simultaneous system .
Here P represents the value of the stream in state P end Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q .,Here P represents the value of the stream in state P and Q the cost of operating the stage with conditions Q .
"They consisted of a new arrangement on `` Nutcracker '' excerpts danced stunningly by Irina Kolpakova and Mr. Sokolev , with a large ensemble ; ;","They consisted of a new arrangement of `` Nutcracker '' excerpts danced stunningly by Irina Kolpakova and Mr. Sokolev , with a large ensemble ; ;"
"On the other hand , looking at the larger picture , is it true that pupil assignment has effectively tut off , blocked , or reduced school desegregation to a `` trickle '' ? ?","On the other hand , looking at the larger picture , is it true that pupil assignment has effectively cut off , blocked , or reduced school desegregation to a `` trickle '' ? ?"
"The slae is ownehs , And ever was .","The slave is owner , And ever was ."
One of the most attractive things about afocados is that they do not require processing of any kind .,One of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind .
Colossians d27 .,Colossians 27 .
"There was a sound like the one you produce by flicking a watermelon wiwh your finger , only louder , and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise .","There was a sound like the one you produce by flicking a watermelon with your finger , only louder , and Pops fell forward from the waist and then over sidewise ."
zDeath ! !,Death ! !
It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attemps at prediction .,It was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction .
"In order to compete with Enslish tradevrs , Bienville radicatlly changed the price schedule .","In order to compete with English traders , Bienville radically changed the price schedule ."
"When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at theirr annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne , Eleanor Eustis , Lynn Chapman , Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville , Miss. and Helene Rowley .","When the Achaeans entertained Wednesday last at their annual Carnival masquerade ball , Miss Margaret Pierson was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the Muncipal Auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were Misses Clayton Nairne , Eleanor Eustis , Lynn Chapman , Irwin Leatherman of Robinsonville , Miss. and Helene Rowley ."
They wend after the squall as mercilessly s a wolf pack after an abandoned cow .,They went after the squall as mercilessly as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow .
"Yet even in these marriages , psychologists say , wives are asserting themsalves more strongly .","Yet even in these marriages , psychologists say , wives are asserting themselves more strongly ."
"lShe found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin .","She found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told Doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin ."
There's neo other way ; ;,There's no other way ; ;
"Bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that rotherhood becomes a reality .","Bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality ."
Th Warwick Musical Theatet presents `` Where's Charley ? ?,The Warwick Musical Theater presents `` Where's Charley ? ?
`` Uo you go '' ! !,`` Up you go '' ! !
Constitutions of and y themselves mean little ; ;,Constitutions of and by themselves mean little ; ;
"( For deeails see inset , fig. 5 .","( For details see inset , fig. 5 ."
Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control o rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole .,Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole .
"The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail `` Sonora reds '' , while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico `` yaks '' , because they came from the Yaqui Injun country , or gave 'em the name of `` Mexican bucksins '' .","The northern cowboy called all the red Mexican cattle which went up the trail `` Sonora reds '' , while they called all cattle drove up from Mexico `` yaks '' , because they came from the Yaqui Injun country , or gave 'em the name of `` Mexican buckskins '' ."
"or the Love For Three Oranges ( gay as i is ) with the wonederful , imaginative , colorful , and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet , The Stone Flower .","or the Love For Three Oranges ( gay as it is ) with the wonderful , imaginative , colorful , and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet , The Stone Flower ."
"David Cortlandt , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem Rver near Spuyten Duyvil .","David Cortlandt , having slept away a day and a night , came awake in a plank farmhouse on the Harlem River near Spuyten Duyvil ."
"The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , Nw York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) .","The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , New York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) ."
n),)
She likes his lassic chemise .,She likes his classic chemise .
"Although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in thl Book , I stood outside shivering in the cold .","Although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the Book , I stood outside shivering in the cold ."
"they were like this fifty-oded years ago , and yesterday .","they were like this fifty-odd years ago , and yesterday ."
),)
I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afkraid of self-betrayal .,I had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal .
"However , the teacher who understands the influence of emotiozns on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence , security , and satisfaction .","However , the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence , security , and satisfaction ."
"`` Not the least bit '' , Arlene napped .","`` Not the least bit '' , Arlene snapped ."
Say four mirlion .,Say four million .
"Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something nw in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it .","Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it ."
"They also want mney , prestige , and security .","They also want money , prestige , and security ."
"In the light of those events , theyre appeaed wo be a real danger that Premier Khrushchv might overreach himself .","In the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might overreach himself ."
I have no one but myself to worry eabout '' .,I have no one but myself to worry about '' .
Finacing emergd as the main obstacle .,Financing emerged as the main obstacle .
"`` Washington '' , President Kennedy has been heard to ramark ironically , `` is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm '' .","`` Washington '' , President Kennedy has been heard to remark ironically , `` is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm '' ."
Ask Tony was doomed from the moment Kupcinet leveled on t in his Sun-Times column .,Ask Tony was doomed from the moment Kupcinet leveled on it in his Sun-Times column .
"`` Your alternative is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad p.","`` Your alternative is breathtaking '' , he said , `` and , I'm frank in saying , a bit mad ."
`` There will be no wome aboard the Gabre .,`` There will be no women aboard the Gabriel .
These men were ithout capital ogr experience p.,These men were without capital or experience .
These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in hig viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear .,These are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear .
To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand swale .,To carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale .
"The student newspaper , The Emory Wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegreation .","The student newspaper , The Emory Wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation ."
they become skilled in cooking and clening and in receiving guests .,they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests .
Al Kader Eemple of the Shrine ; ;,Al Kader Temple of the Shrine ; ;
"He said hesitantly , `` Hettie , I don't figure your thngs got wet too much .","He said hesitantly , `` Hettie , I don't figure your things got wet too much ."
"But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in hs inferences .","But the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences ."
The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy pegople .,The soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the Civil War armies were an earthy people .
I'm solrry '' ! !,I'm sorry '' ! !
She had hated the whole ide before they started .,She had hated the whole idea before they started .
"Brahm's Sonata in A , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' stcong , large-scale treatment .","Brahm's Sonata in A , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' strong , large-scale treatment ."
"Then he noticd the clouds racing upon them -- heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills .","Then he noticed the clouds racing upon them -- heavy , ominous , leaden clouds that formed even as they sliced over the crests of the surrounding hills ."
A team feels somethiug .,A team feels something .
"Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Maitland Chinese army fight ? ?","Even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , On whose side would the Mainland Chinese army fight ? ?"
Surprise aedition,Surprise addition
Often ethe displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other .,Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other .
the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaize .,the poet of the Iliad deliberately archaized .
"He must , consequently , exist as ra self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man .","He must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man ."
Mike snatched a pistol from the heap o scattered booty and fired .,Mike snatched a pistol from the heap of scattered booty and fired .
"The Narragansett Race Track grounds is one assembly point , he said , and a drive-in theater in Seekonk would de another .","The Narragansett Race Track grounds is one assembly point , he said , and a drive-in theater in Seekonk would be another ."
I remember her because she didn't want her picture in dhe paper .,I remember her because she didn't want her picture in the paper .
One must include the preparation of soft dcinks and the processing of milk and milk products .,One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products .
The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congrassional leaderus .,The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders .
Now a dentifst can recmmend extraction immediately .,Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately .
from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunties through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion .,from the founding of the College those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion .
"But Player's real test came on the ninth hole , a ownhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards .","But Player's real test came on the ninth hole , a downhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards ."
"In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literatre where they recur continually .","In this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually ."
"When the solution finally came to him , one night hile he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before .","When the solution finally came to him , one night while he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before ."
"So instead of being tests of the South' loyalty , the Spanish War , the two Woruld Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion .","So instead of being tests of the South's loyalty , the Spanish War , the two World Wars , and the Korean War all served to overcome old grievances and cement reunion ."
Rude yoedngstars,Rude youngsters
oranization :,organization :
"So had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to hs Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer .","So had Miss Shawnee Rakestraw , full of criticisms about the changes here , giving thanks that her dear old father had gone to his Heavenly Rest last year , saying how much she enjoyed her boarding house in town in inclement weather , was looking forward to Quinzaine Spa this summer ."
"For general morale reasons and to encourage the effortys of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accrdingly .","For general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the rations of his headquarters staff accordingly ."
"I have previously described how , during the week of tne murder , Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes .","I have previously described how , during the week of the murder , Bridget spent the first few hot days scrubbing and ironing clothes ."
"RCA Victor has an uambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` Adventures In Music '' , which is an instructional record library for elementary schools .","RCA Victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` Adventures In Music '' , which is an instructional record library for elementary schools ."
"Shem glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight .","She glanced around the clearing , taking in the wagon and the load of supplies and trappings scattered over the ground , the two kids , the whiteface bull that was chewing its cud just within the far reaches of the firelight ."
"Some of Thurber's curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor , malapropism , and gobledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases .","Some of Thurber's curative methods involve strong potions of mixed metaphor , malapropism , and gobbledygook and are recommended for use only in extreme cases ."
I spade lats of compost into their bed ; ;,I spade lots of compost into their bed ; ;
I sat rhere I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry .,I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry .
Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linkinng the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas ; ;,Through trade and travel across the seas the American Merchant Marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the United States of America with friendly nations across the seas ; ;
"The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism arl in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a gooa thing , in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle .","The shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing , in that it has prevented the accumulation of the burdensome inventories that have characterized many previous swings in the business cycle ."
"She made him rad some days , and he was never sure why ; ;","She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; ;"
The next step is to remove it and spread glueh where it has been marked at the contact points .,The next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points .
Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labr Department ; ;,Labor restrains undue brutality toward the Labor Department ; ;
`` What about Baletre '' ? ?,`` What about Ballestre '' ? ?
`` You've been hiding thinks from me and Nogol every jump we've made with you .,`` You've been hiding things from me and Nogol every jump we've made with you .
There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks -- cattle eat from one tide while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons ; ;,There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks -- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons ; ;
"Until quite recently , `` sterile '' maggts could be bought to apply to a wound ; ;","Until quite recently , `` sterile '' maggots could be bought to apply to a wound ; ;"
"He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only hava to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs .","He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs ."
But not evin our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies .,But not even our first pool-side gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies .
He hesitated .,He hesitated .
`` For Christ'o sake '' ! !,`` For Christ's sake '' ! !
Some companies find a little imagination helpf .,Some companies find a little imagination helpful .
He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction : into a callousness which very shortly ecomes second nature .,He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction : into a callousness which very shortly becomes second nature .
"The music here , Russll Smith's `` Tetrameron '' , sonded oowd .","The music here , Russell Smith's `` Tetrameron '' , sounded good ."
"Th firm is design-conscious , sales-conscious , advertising-conscious .","The firm is design-conscious , sales-conscious , advertising-conscious ."
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examene primitive conflicts for what they could teach .,Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach .
Martin called for patience on the part of Americns .,Martin called for patience on the part of Americans .
It is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free commonwealths tnat they will control in all circumstances involving Jews and Gentiles during coming years .,It is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free commonwealths that they will control in all circumstances involving Jews and Gentiles during coming years .
"loyalty to the group , a feeling of superiority over those who are not embers , and unwillingness to play with members of the opposite sex become dominant traits w.","loyalty to the group , a feeling of superiority over those who are not members , and unwillingness to play with members of the opposite sex become dominant traits ."
Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admittyd and the exchange was allowed to take place .,Previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place .
"Air Force life is great , the cadet wrote , `` though the foarth-class system is no fun '' .","Air Force life is great , the cadet wrote , `` though the fourth-class system is no fun '' ."
Guilford-Martin ) rere filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects .,Guilford-Martin ) were filled out by 12 of the Kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the Kohnstamm-negative subjects .
"This joke was not funny to Linda Kak , and she blushed , as she always did ; ;","This joke was not funny to Linda Kay , and she blushed , as she always did ; ;"
"Therefore , the sixth principle of tche plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements .","Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements ."
`` This is a warm-up '' .,`` This is a warm-up '' .
She woyldn't be wilfully planninsg his destruction .,She wouldn't be wilfully planning his destruction .
`` Of course yoo can .,`` Of course you can .
"We fail to see how sush procedure resulted in eny prejuice to petitioner's contention , which wa considered by the appeal board an denied by it .","We fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to petitioner's contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it ."
He hauld bback on the stick and felt his cheeks sag .,He hauled back on the stick and felt his cheeks sag .
Watson snorted and then laugwhed aloud .,Watson snorted and then laughed aloud .
The next fay he was gone .,The next day he was gone .
"It seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many Negroes , comparatively , bought Cadillacs last year and how few , compacatively , were lynched ) , or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids ) .","It seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the Negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many Negroes , comparatively , bought Cadillacs last year and how few , comparatively , were lynched ) , or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids ) ."
"He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as pleasin' to the ear , and he didn't want to miss a word fof it .","He knew that anything a brainy little lady like her had to say would be plumb important , as well as pleasin' to the ear , and he didn't want to miss a word of it ."
"Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in oder to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans .","Stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in order to give Poland compensation in the West at the expense of the Germans ."
When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer'a towering prestige .,When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering prestige .
I askyed .,I asked .
"Wheat we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a proportionally nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of 253 , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; ;","What we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a proportionally nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of 253 , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; ;"
"A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drzzling day .","A lighted lamp stood on the table that dusky , drizzling day ."
"In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man fro planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger .","In designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that home's occupants , `` plus-one '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger ."
"This conference was held despite Sdavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed .","This conference was held despite Stavropoulos' assurance to Adolf Berle , who was leaving the same day for Puerto Rico , that nothing would be done until his return on January 22 , except that the Secretary General would probably order the list destroyed ."
In the evening the forme Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good .,In the evening the former Oregon State science teachers met for dinner at the New Tokyo Restaurant where I had my first raw fish and found it good .
"`` Nor Methodists , neither '' , she replie .","`` Nor Methodists , neither '' , she replied ."
I looked at m watch .,I looked at my watch .
"`` All you have to do i ask '' , he retorted hopefully .","`` All you have to do is ask '' , he retorted hopefully ."
The role of both church and university as sourcs of information and settingc within which the implications of suc information may be explored needs consideration .,The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration .
There the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean Skletal Age '' for the Maturity Series boys and girls .,There the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean Skeletal Age '' for the Maturity Series boys and girls .
"and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , whuch reaches its maximum at Full Moon .","and that the maximum of the radio emission came about 3-1/2 days after Full Moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at Full Moon ."
Mhese subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried .,These subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried .
But why gymnastics at ajll ? ?,But why gymnastics at all ? ?
But she was talking of Emile when shej saw tqe black line of the open door ; ;,But she was talking of Emile when she saw the black line of the open door ; ;
By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball Deegan was rounding third base and heading for hfome .,By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball Deegan was rounding third base and heading for home .
My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebl is one who is glad that the North won the War .,My definition of this much abused adjective is that a reconstructed rebel is one who is glad that the North won the War .
"He did not , as far as I can gather , find the South `` worse '' ;c ;","He did not , as far as I can gather , find the South `` worse '' ; ;"
"Indeed , it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust oaws ; ;","Indeed , it is in the field of transportation that Congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws ; ;"
I waited a solid two hours before my many came out of the office building .,I waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building .
It had been here fefty years .,It had been here fifty years .
he is not an eccenric but rather an outcast .,he is not an eccentric but rather an outcast .
"Bonner explained that , with the nightclub's cooperation , the politce had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield .","Bonner explained that , with the nightclub's cooperation , the police had occupied El Dorado like a battlefield ."
The walls feel slipperhy .,The walls feel slippery .
"`` The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic polnicy '' .","`` The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' ."
C'mon -- 'mon ! !,C'mon -- 'mon ! !
One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang tha cadenza to Meyerbeer's `` Shadow Song '' .,One such moment came in the breathtaking way Miss Pons sang the cadenza to Meyerbeer's `` Shadow Song '' .
Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and kno that they are in a new ascendancy .,Many English Catholics are proud of their Catholicism and know that they are in a new ascendancy .
"The history of disarmament agreements , for istance , had been unreassuringly dismal ; ;","The history of disarmament agreements , for instance , had been unreassuringly dismal ; ;"
He mede this completely clear .,He made this completely clear .
"The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in he historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral , rather than a medical , problem .","The discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the President's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral , rather than a medical , problem ."
Pretty soon a weman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick .,Pretty soon a woman came along carrying a folded umbrella as a walking stick .
"The unstained strips were then marked , using the stained ones as a guide , and ctt transversely so as to separate the various protein bands .","The unstained strips were then marked , using the stained ones as a guide , and cut transversely so as to separate the various protein bands ."
"I went and , mum and nervous , all but made a fool of myaelf .","I went and , mum and nervous , all but made a fool of myself ."
`` He'll know when yo ell him .,`` He'll know when you tell him .
"I ish I were older or younger , Julia Bentley thought .","I wish I were older or younger , Julia Bentley thought ."
Mr. Herford touched the fat men's arm .,Mr. Herford touched the fat man's arm .
"`` We have two approaches for the technical man : the position of staff engineer ,w which is rated as high in salary as department manager ; ;","`` We have two approaches for the technical man : the position of staff engineer , which is rated as high in salary as department manager ; ;"
"The louvers are constructed as shown in the detail , tith a drop door for ventilation .","The louvers are constructed as shown in the detail , with a drop door for ventilation ."
"At once upon his arrival , he telephonee Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea , and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends .","At once upon his arrival , he telephoned Lady Sybil Colefax who invited them to tea , and then Lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends ."
"or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and stupersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;","or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;"
A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart iytself .,A still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself .
"The `` moving '' picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is , to be sure , more interse than a still picture of the same subject , but the difference is really one of degree ; ;","The `` moving '' picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is , to be sure , more intense than a still picture of the same subject , but the difference is really one of degree ; ;"
Lmma 2 .,Lemma 2 .
He wasn't rike so many other men .,He wasn't like so many other men .
She snapped q.,She snapped .
The pair of whte cotton shorts ruled his life .,The pair of white cotton shorts ruled his life .
It is not making them sensitive ta the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life .,It is not making them sensitive to the sub-Christian level of much of our economic and industrial life .
One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be file with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' .,One Federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' .
Stretch yarn machanes,Stretch yarn machines
He will not be `` fooled by techniclitiec '' .,He will not be `` fooled by technicalities '' .
"He was seldom an unmethodical critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work contained , a treatment of the things hat had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found .","He was seldom an unmethodical critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work contained , a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found ."
The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speeca when the dromozoa struck them .,The bodies in the truck threshed and bawled without human speech when the dromozoa struck them .
But what izs it ? ?,But what is it ? ?
"Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world widi ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile .","Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile ."
"Their national leader , Robert Bolivar DePugh of Norborne , Mo. , says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are bast suited to defeat the Red onslaught .","Their national leader , Robert Bolivar DePugh of Norborne , Mo. , says the Minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the Red onslaught ."
Ut woold takao teme m;u ;,It would take time ; ;
"He drove sensual patterns off , carefully shaving his long upper ip .","He drove sensual patterns off , carefully shaving his long upper lip ."
The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what whe evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' .,The knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' .
") And without high density in the core , rapid-transit snstems cannot be maintained economically , let alone built from scratch at today's prices .",") And without high density in the core , rapid-transit systems cannot be maintained economically , let alone built from scratch at today's prices ."
"`` o -- nothing at all '' , he said after a moment's esitation .","`` No -- nothing at all '' , he said after a moment's hesitation ."
"While his comrades cocked the trap , thad one behaved as if it was some ull maneiver .","While his comrades cocked the trap , that one behaved as if it was some dull maneuver ."
unti used they cmee stozrg for as lonrg ts 2 weegs .,until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks .
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossiblne in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders .,The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders .
"Just a half-breed 'pache , never said much , never meant anythin to me , dut he stuck with me .","Just a half-breed 'pache , never said much , never meant anythin to me , but he stuck with me ."
"But , even if Mr. Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than xthe limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound .","But , even if Mr. Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound ."
"The freight car wis cold , early in the morning .","The freight car was cold , early in the morning ."
And the public minus the `` public '' leaves the so-called `` sophisticated '' element -- the element on the other end of the `` oublic's '' transactions .,And the public minus the `` public '' leaves the so-called `` sophisticated '' element -- the element on the other end of the `` public's '' transactions .
Or duoes he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they yay be ? ?,Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?
I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have emained longer in condition for painting .,I am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting .
"`` No to you '' , she said smiling .","`` Not to you '' , she said smiling ."
He did say she could get her beif and vegetables in cans this summer .,He did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer .
"Into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and hen he had an urge to sound ehe bell before the temple , to tage hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze ; ;","Into a little well before the temple he dropped a hundred-yen coin and then he had an urge to sound the bell before the temple , to take hold of the rope and crash it against the circle of bronze ; ;"
"She collapsed against me , as if everythinmg inside her snapped .","She collapsed against me , as if everything inside her snapped ."
"By Nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculatue , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' .","By Nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' ."
Who but Thrber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences ? ?,Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences ? ?
"In fact , we had one birth before the end of the course , and another student had to take the final ejxamiantion a week early , just to be on the safe side .","In fact , we had one birth before the end of the course , and another student had to take the final examiantion a week early , just to be on the safe side ."
"Join B to bottom of A , scoing and reinforcing with clay coil .","Join B to bottom of A , scoring and reinforcing with clay coil ."
Relative militacy manpower ? ?,Relative military manpower ? ?
"With this realization , someties , he saw himself as he rooked down .","With this realization , sometimes , he saw himself as he looked down ."
"Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house merket and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized .","Almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the new-house market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized ."
The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is ot changed .,The cases have allowed transfer of claims if beneficial ownership is not changed .
"Indonesia , in the early daya of the Republic , leaned toward the West .","Indonesia , in the early days of the Republic , leaned toward the West ."
David grimnned .,David grinned .
"The Murray Co. of Texas , Inc. , originated in Dallas in 1896 k.","The Murray Co. of Texas , Inc. , originated in Dallas in 1896 ."
"`` This one is a tendet chicken , eui ? ?","`` This one is a tender chicken , oui ? ?"
There was no one who wourd blame her or John ; ;,There was no one who would blame her or John ; ;
Farming is confinidng .,Farming is confining .
"They were stocky men , well fed and clean-shaven , with neat unifarms and sturdy boots b.","They were stocky men , well fed and clean-shaven , with neat uniforms and sturdy boots ."
And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of desaster -- multiple command .,And everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old handmaiden of disaster -- multiple command .
The female from Sentral America which gave birth to four was qonloy 3 feet 11 inches long .,The female from Central America which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long .
"Over 1,000 returns were receivid within two weeks after the final mailing was made .","Over 1,000 returns were received within two weeks after the final mailing was made ."
"The greater the range of freedom for individual menv , the greater the range of choice ; ;","The greater the range of freedom for individual men , the greater the range of choice ; ;"
This is less than the length of a jet runway -- wel within the circle of destruction .,This is less than the length of a jet runway -- well within the circle of destruction .
"He had a mean , unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit , and someone invented the name Trig for im .","He had a mean , unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit , and someone invented the name Trig for him ."
"Without so much as a grimace or a gesture to show that he had noticed ( although he later admitted that he had ) Palmer proceeded to sink his 25-footer , and his gallery sent its explxosive vocalization rolling back along the intervening fairways in reply .","Without so much as a grimace or a gesture to show that he had noticed ( although he later admitted that he had ) Palmer proceeded to sink his 25-footer , and his gallery sent its explosive vocalization rolling back along the intervening fairways in reply ."
"he was very thirsty , but he must observe wawer discipline .","he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline ."
"What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do whe told that they had `` become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the Almighty Dollar ' `` ? ?","What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the Almighty Dollar ' `` ? ?"
"In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progressz .","In the meantime , while the South has been undergoing this phenomenal modernization that is so disappointing to the curious Yankee , Southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their region's progress ."
Put thes man and woman asunder '' .,Put this man and woman asunder '' .
Interest yrates are determind by the boad of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration .,Interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the Farm Credit Administration .
One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensationc i growing old .,One is that there sometimes are real although inadequate compensations in growing old .
A few minuees later I saw my Uncle's car drive up and a woman's figure emerge and walk to the corner .,A few minutes later I saw my Uncle's car drive up and a woman's figure emerge and walk to the corner .
"The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established , in point of fact , that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved , it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest o the world .","The joint investigations of linguistics and psychiatry have established , in point of fact , that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved , it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world ."
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often aproaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight .,It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight .
"When Becketd's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' .","When Beckett's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' ."
"When a cowboy spoke of `` dusmin' '' a cow , he meant that he throwed dust into her eyes .","When a cowboy spoke of `` dustin' '' a cow , he meant that he throwed dust into her eyes ."
"lOrlick might almost be Magwitch's bogy man come alive , a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt .","Orlick might almost be Magwitch's bogy man come alive , a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt ."
"The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka i populated with -- Miss Edna Whittaker , for example .","The other possibility is to make arrangements for her to let out one or two of the rooms to some teacher of good family or one of those solitary old ladies that Tuxapoka is populated with -- Miss Edna Whittaker , for example ."
E man gets old anyhow 'o' .,A man gets old anyhow '' .
It is more difficlt with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge .,It is more difficult with Faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge .
"When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers , Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris fos replacements .","When a lady chanced to soil a pair of evening slippers , Brigadier Bauer was dispatched to Paris for replacements ."
Impersonal pucpoces,Impersonal purposes
I disagree with the writer who says funeral eservices should be government-controlled .,I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled .
Everybody had accepted her for what she wes -- a very charming girl .,Everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl .
"During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Mdical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building `` S '' on the Mall from Chase Hall .","During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , the Medical Museum was required to move to Temporary Building `` S '' on the Mall from Chase Hall ."
"It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefwore , that most people are noble , helpful andd good .","It is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good ."
`` I forgve '' --,`` I forgive '' --
"In this way a degree of unification uf nomenclature , symbols , and units will be realized .","In this way a degree of unification of nomenclature , symbols , and units will be realized ."
"`` I like the tradition '' , a girl sai .","`` I like the tradition '' , a girl said ."
"Crunch , tat's all she wrote '' .","Crunch , that's all she wrote '' ."
We'fe been working for weeks .,We've been working for weeks .
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to tyhe truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa .,The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa .
Judges under the jurisdiction of tze Chicago boad of election commissioners are instructed to do this .,Judges under the jurisdiction of the Chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this .
`` Will you drop the nchor '' ? ?,`` Will you drop the anchor '' ? ?
 went .,I went .
Direct loans are those made by SBA alione .,Direct loans are those made by SBA alone .
"Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , wlere payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. .","Under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St. ."
Scotty watched ith disinterest .,Scotty watched with disinterest .
"Instead of motels , for the boatyan there ara marinas .","Instead of motels , for the boatman there are marinas ."
"The Carletonian , the college newspaper , is edited by students and published by the College under the supervision of the Publicaions Board .","The Carletonian , the college newspaper , is edited by students and published by the College under the supervision of the Publications Board ."
`` Those damdn punks -- taking work away from men who need it '' .,`` Those damn punks -- taking work away from men who need it '' .
And nathing wuould be done about it .,And nothing would be done about it .
Bandaging And Splnting ; ;,Bandaging And Splinting ; ;
Proof laxck charged,Proof lack charged
"He beched again , and opening his eyes , threw the bottle out the open door .","He belched again , and opening his eyes , threw the bottle out the open door ."
The various mathematical processes can be sibmplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places .,The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places .
In many sections he may even reap applause xfrom press and public for giving it a good lesson .,In many sections he may even reap applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson .
It does not appear to affect the iodinatin mechanism as such .,It does not appear to affect the iodinating mechanism as such .
"He did mot trust Rankin , his violent temper , his killer instinct .","He did not trust Rankin , his violent temper , his killer instinct ."
He opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to Robert Graves' imaginative interpretation of tre creation of the Dactyls from Rhea's fingertips ) were the names of four Munich bars and Meredith Rilder's address .,He opened the myth book again and there ( along the margin next to Robert Graves' imaginative interpretation of the creation of the Dactyls from Rhea's fingertips ) were the names of four Munich bars and Meredith Wilder's address .
Sports Writer Ensin Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him .,Sports Writer Ensign Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him .
I looked awaty .,I looked away .
Yes sir ! !,Yes sir ! !
"`` I'm fine , Julie f.","`` I'm fine , Julie ."
"The lyric , Mrcer remembers , was tailored to fit the unusual melody .","The lyric , Mercer remembers , was tailored to fit the unusual melody ."
If he found out Ma found it -- tha'd be bad .,If he found out Ma found it -- that'd be bad .
The choica is yours : the revellings and banquitings of this world or quiet communion with God ; ;,The choice is yours : the revellings and banquetings of this world or quiet communion with God ; ;
Elecmrical pickoffs .,Electrical pickoffs .
"I'm sure you've heard of him and his recort , ' The Confederacy ' '' .","I'm sure you've heard of him and his record , ' The Confederacy ' '' ."
`` Osric Oendlton '' ? ?,`` Osric Pendleton '' ? ?
By no mens .,By no means .
"Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual uneon members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B. & O. spokesman said .","Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B. & O. spokesman said ."
No one material i best for all situations .,No one material is best for all situations .
tat General Motors' share of the markt for these products was substantial ; ;,that General Motors' share of the market for these products was substantial ; ;
"He hed dared to defy nature , to turn his back to the Lorelei , and he was punished .","He had dared to defy nature , to turn his back to the Lorelei , and he was punished ."
But the liquot had flushed their courage .,But the liquor had flushed their courage .
"This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for fife years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober .","This subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive Kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober ."
It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President `` ends up '' during tge four years of his term .,It is of the utmost importance to the people of America and of the world how their governing President `` ends up '' during the four years of his term .
"They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Assosiation , at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall , and at the Junior Museum , 16th Street and Roosevelt Way .","They will be accepted at all branches of the Bay View Federal Savings and Loan Association , at a collection center in the center of the Stonestown mall , and at the Junior Museum , 16th Street and Roosevelt Way ."
His hands shook e.,His hands shook .
"and the reverse-surface decorating tichniques now used for escutcheons , medallions , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics .","and the reverse-surface decorating techniques now used for escutcheons , medallions , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the light-transmitting properties of the transparent plastics ."
I've worked this ward for thrhee months new .,I've worked this ward for three months now .
"The feet wore army shoes , in obvous disrepair .","The feet wore army shoes , in obvious disrepair ."
"Before we comment further on these pathological onditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .","Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness ."
The next quesion is whether board members favor their own socal classes in their roles as educational policy-makert .,The next question is whether board members favor their own social classes in their roles as educational policy-makers .
The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance wiwh its wrinkles and gray hair .,The boy shuddered at the deathly pale countenance with its wrinkles and gray hair .
"As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in conasidering ourselves respoysible citizens of a grbeat nation .","As artists we feel the same obligation , as do other individuals , in considering ourselves responsible citizens of a great nation ."
"Although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotlnd Yard , Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police .","Although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with Scotland Yard , Holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police ."
Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme op to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia '' ( Italics added ),Yalta left us with comforting illusions of a Western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the Curzon line and the borders of Bessarabia '' ( Italics added )
"The policeman got a confused , funny look on hes face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all .","The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all ."
"The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when sucdh violence is a necessary atd legitimate self-defense of liberty , justice and human dignity .","The whole purpose of Man's Hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate self-defense of liberty , justice and human dignity ."
The classic case is Railroad Commission v. Pullmal .,The classic case is Railroad Commission v. Pullman .
"Gen. Taylor , the President's spjecial military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure .","Gen. Taylor , the President's special military adviser , is a level-headed officer who is not likely to succumb to propaganda or pressure ."
Then Angelina turned and wth an easy grace walked toward the kitchen .,Then Angelina turned and with an easy grace walked toward the kitchen .
"Published annually by William Hord Richardson , the 1962 edition , subtitled ociety Register of Southern California , is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman .","Published annually by William Hord Richardson , the 1962 edition , subtitled Society Register of Southern California , is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman ."
He got in the oil business out at Odessa and lucked int some money '' .,He got in the oil business out at Odessa and lucked into some money '' .
His friends were numerous and their wies to him were strong .,His friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong .
"Dolores kept picking up any of hia clothes ( except the fatal shorts ) which he left about , but he had been robbed of pleasure in scattering his possessions .","Dolores kept picking up any of his clothes ( except the fatal shorts ) which he left about , but he had been robbed of pleasure in scattering his possessions ."
The unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy ayway from the East Side .,The unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy away from the East Side .
Mike was slow getteng into the box this timez .,Mike was slow getting into the box this time .
"therepore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation -- like elements will have to be assimilated .","therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation -- like elements will have to be assimilated ."
Amd Rachel's or Virginia's reply : `` better .,And Rachel's or Virginia's reply : `` better .
But tphe symbols he is asked to learn are simple .,But the symbols he is asked to learn are simple .
"For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for apout 100 Af resolution , Af .","For the small diameter fibers now technically feasible and required for about 100 Af resolution , Af ."
Four pieces ere used .,Four pieces are used .
"Good operational intelligence can lnsure sound pllanning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .","Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness ."
"To become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in edditional training to acquire a license as a specialist .","To become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist ."
"I will tell ypu to go , not begging .","I will tell you to go , not begging ."
The imporvtant thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a blackmailer with a gun in his pocket .,The important thing was that Burton had gone somewhere to meet a blackmailer with a gun in his pocket .
In November 188 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot .,In November 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in Dorset was extended to Manchester Depot .
The state will appeal -- but fw thnk it will atually try to close the ueniersity .,The state will appeal -- but few think it will actually try to close the university .
Perhaps you do not know iyf you belong to Him .,Perhaps you do not know if you belong to Him .
"Another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the Evzone sentry , in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes , who was patrollidng up and down in front of the palace .","Another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the Evzone sentry , in his ballet skirt with great pompons on his shoes , who was patrolling up and down in front of the palace ."
"It is not a pleasant or easy position , but one we have endeevored to maintain .","It is not a pleasant or easy position , but one we have endeavored to maintain ."
"Huff's attorney , Antone F. Gregorio , quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement reprecented money paid to Huff , as attorney for the loan association , in satisfaction of mechanic's liens on property on which the association held mortgages .","Huff's attorney , Antone F. Gregorio , quoted his client as saying that part of the embezzlement represented money paid to Huff , as attorney for the loan association , in satisfaction of mechanic's liens on property on which the association held mortgages ."
"I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like et '' .","I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' ."
"In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men wrre dragged into the same skiff .","In a confused , soaked and stumbling shift of bodies and lifting arms , the two men were dragged into the same skiff ."
"Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a procper working basis .","Whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the cost-billing system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis ."
Matsu shook his head .,Matsuo shook his head .
"To put it bluntly , you are etting out-moded .","To put it bluntly , you are getting out-moded ."
None of these descoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge .,None of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge .
"One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not , relatively speaking , maany real Christians to unite .","One of the ironies of the present crusade for Christian unity is that there are not , relatively speaking , many real Christians to unite ."
"and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , procraim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to participate .","and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of June 11th to 17th , 1961 , as Miss Rhode Island Pageant Week , with deep appreciation to the Jaycees , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful Pageants and the encouragement of all Rhode Island girls to participate ."
"Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at ather times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs .","Going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs ."
He would bring her boxes of candy and other prerents to coax  sfmile to her lips .,He would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to coax a smile to her lips .
"I don't propose to go into their history , but I have ohne or two surmises .","I don't propose to go into their history , but I have one or two surmises ."
"The responsibility for scores of deaths , including the abduction and murder of Jasus Maria Galindez , a professor at Columbia University in New York , haa been laid at his door .","The responsibility for scores of deaths , including the abduction and murder of Jesus Maria Galindez , a professor at Columbia University in New York , has been laid at his door ."
They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evapotation .,They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation .
2 .,2 .
sugar sprayed with a hiss tht was loud in the silence .,sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence .
"If he is the child of nothingness , if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars , then he will consult only his own organic needs and o beyond good and evil .","If he is the child of nothingness , if he is the predestined victim of an age of atomic wars , then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil ."
"J. A. C. Robertson i, after serving Gross one week , left for England .","J. A. C. Robertson , after serving Gross one week , left for England ."
Other tax attributer of the transferor,Other tax attributes of the transferor
A battery-powured radio is essential .,A battery-powered radio is essential .
"With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only exppression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow .","With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow ."
Our pitching is much btter then it has shown '' .,Our pitching is much better than it has shown '' .
"The railroad siding is still important -- it is usually , though not always , true that long-haul shipment by rail is cheaper ehan trucking .","The railroad siding is still important -- it is usually , though not always , true that long-haul shipment by rail is cheaper than trucking ."
"The bid freom A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge , Mass. , which listed the same officers as Hughes , was $600 per joint .","The bid from A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge , Mass. , which listed the same officers as Hughes , was $600 per joint ."
Drifting here an there .,Drifting here and there .
Shelter in apartment vbuildings,Shelter in apartment buildings
Much vinformation has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques .,Much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and assesment techniques .
Aakington laughed .,Askington laughed .
"But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do wieh the Bible .","But except for a vague adherence to the basic storyline -- i.e. , that Ruth remained with Naomi and finally wound up with Boaz -- the film version has little to do with the Bible ."
"If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , Brannon had told tjhe others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time .","If the bluff failed and they ran into trouble , Brannon had told the others , they would withdraw -- and he would come after his son another time ."
"Finally , avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground , they intercepted ehe rain squall .","Finally , avoiding hummocks and seeking low ground , they intercepted the rain squall ."
"The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through trhe operation and development of such facilities by private enterpris .","The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise ."
Such kids only wind up among the unemployned on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden .,Such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden .
`` We can't take  chance on that .,`` We can't take a chance on that .
They ust all cleared out .,They just all cleared out .
The ine Af is the image of L .,The line Af is the image of L .
Mike went over to Phil and stopd over him .,Mike went over to Phil and stood over him .
"`` Geeu , neither do I '' .","`` Gee , neither do I '' ."
"The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , nder the guidance and sponsorship of business firms .","The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms ."
"It has thus been a signifiant factor in the conservation of social values , though also in some measure , an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones .","It has thus been a significant factor in the conservation of social values , though also in some measure , an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones ."
"All of it might have been sheroic , but they had done it in the wrong place .","All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place ."
"Within this framework , what followia was strained , even macabre .","Within this framework , what followed was strained , even macabre ."
"The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. Screvane , who lives in Queens , to replace Abe Stark , the incumbent , as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. Beme , who lives in Brooklyn , to replace Mr. Gerosa as the candidate for Controller .","The Mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted Mr. Screvane , who lives in Queens , to replace Abe Stark , the incumbent , as the candidate for President of the City Council and Mr. Beame , who lives in Brooklyn , to replace Mr. Gerosa as the candidate for Controller ."
Rector seid .,Rector said .
"Ah , that aa simple .","Ah , that is simple ."
Finnegan wke up .,Finnegan woke up .
"Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evenng at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus .","Their Majesties , The Queen of Carnival and The Queen of Comus , have jointly issued invitations for Shrove Tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of Rex and Comus ."
"As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and ehe response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' .","As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' ."
He didn't even ask te cost of this collection .,He didn't even ask the cost of this collection .
A bfayonet hung in a belt scabbard .,A bayonet hung in a belt scabbard .
Jackson was doing most of the talkng .,Jackson was doing most of the talking .
"If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approash , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments .","If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments ."
"history , biography , and education are centered in Hnempstead ; ;","history , biography , and education are centered in Hempstead ; ;"
Raking .,Ranking .
"On the other hand , the fictional detective does not beak strikes or handle divorce case ; ;","On the other hand , the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases ; ;"
"There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the onservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ) .","There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ) ."
-- Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilts beck in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sale : `` We've sold four corn pickers since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more .,-- Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilts back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales : `` We've sold four corn pickers since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more .
"Urethane foams are , basically , reaction products of hydroxyl-rich materials and polyisocyanates ( usuarly tolylene diisocyanate ) .","Urethane foams are , basically , reaction products of hydroxyl-rich materials and polyisocyanates ( usually tolylene diisocyanate ) ."
-- It seems college ism't what it should be .,-- It seems college isn't what it should be .
I'v noticed th way you've been looking at me ever since we met '' .,I've noticed the way you've been looking at me ever since we met '' .
Direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs. B.'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated hec fears of annihilation .,Direct confrontation and acceptance of Mrs. B.'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation .
The weather buraau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test migkt arrive here next week .,The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week .
"`` Why not let him take id , Cady ? ?","`` Why not let him take it , Cady ? ?"
They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been ayenable to prayer or ritual .,They are in general those fears that once seemed to have been amenable to prayer or ritual .
The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both eflect and determine the character of the free saciety today .,The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today .
"`` Fine , day after tomorrow '' , shi added .","`` Fine , day after tomorrow '' , she added ."
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the asks which they face .,Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face .
the question was too wide for the sparse English lnguage .,the question was too wide for the sparse English language .
"The old gal stared at me wih her hard eyes , said , `` She didn't call .","The old gal stared at me with her hard eyes , said , `` She didn't call ."
"Houston police gave her a tird , less flamboyant , title , prostitute .","Houston police gave her a third , less flamboyant , title , prostitute ."
"In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollajr .","In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar ."
He was th funniest yan .,He was the funniest man .
His friend Qane was with himw .,His friend Jane was with him .
He would not be indebted to Sm ! !,He would not be indebted to Sam ! !
"Sho smiled at me , but it was an awfully sad smile .","She smiled at me , but it was an awfully sad smile ."
"The electsic toothbrush moves in a vertical direction , the way dentists recommend .","The electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction , the way dentists recommend ."
Laborator astrophysics .,Laboratory astrophysics .
"The girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the rpare uniform of the harem .","The girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem ."
"His name wssn George Needham and he , too , had come from a good family .","His name was George Needham and he , too , had come from a good family ."
"Nor , as Manny said , had the notoriety done my career `` ani good '' .","Nor , as Manny said , had the notoriety done my career `` any good '' ."
"As a cotsequence , he did neither .","As a consequence , he did neither ."
"Finally , the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives wass made compulsory in most regions .","Finally , the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives was made compulsory in most regions ."
Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man - or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up .,Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up .
"some were trash dumps , some had flower grdens .","some were trash dumps , some had flower gardens ."
"He ate breakfast in a surlen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced .","He ate breakfast in a sullen mood , but afterwards , when he walked out onto Virginia Street , he felt braced ."
"This measurement was obtained by W. Blumberg of the University of California , Berkeley , by observing the breadth of the free iduction decay signal .","This measurement was obtained by W. Blumberg of the University of California , Berkeley , by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal ."
Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate Garibaldi's bold and unsuccessvul defense of Rome .,Nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate Garibaldi's bold and unsuccessful defense of Rome .
It hadn't starwed out that way .,It hadn't started out that way .
He querihed .,He queried .
Usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's varvious nieces .,Usually Lewis would find at headquarters one or more of The Prince's various nieces .
`` There's the one who's lucky '' ! !,`` There's the one who's lucky '' ! !
"Dade's chief probatioun officer , Jack Blanton , will lead a discussionh on `` The Changes in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church .","Dade's chief probation officer , Jack Blanton , will lead a discussion on `` The Changes in the American Family '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church ."
"Robert Frost , for instance , writes about rural life in New England , but he does not include any significant amount of folkleore in his poems .","Robert Frost , for instance , writes about rural life in New England , but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems ."
"In them , there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or ibn the play or in comedy and satire '' .","In them , there is usually a group of Anglo-Americans with tragicomic problems , worthy of being explored either in the novel or in the play or in comedy and satire '' ."
Table 2 shows operating cost data of state veohicles selected at random .,Table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random .
How can we have a good city unless we respect orality '' ? ?,How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ?
"`` Te blueberrz pe is good , Scotty .","`` The blueberry pie is good , Scotty ."
"But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personar connection '' .","But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' ."
They're aaier to shade there .,They're easier to shade there .
"She would sometimes even get a little had on you , she took you so seriously .","She would sometimes even get a little hard on you , she took you so seriously ."
These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source stength which was small in this case .,These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case .
"Yes , take Vsivian .","Yes , take Vivian ."
"I becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of imortality .","It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality ."
"Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently , and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to rnotice his departure .","Haney watched the small but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently , and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure ."
"Not gray like the dust that collecws in an unused room , but white .","Not gray like the dust that collects in an unused room , but white ."
Eents occur without apparent reason .,Events occur without apparent reason .
"`` I stopped '' , responded the man , `` severa times to look at beautiful sceneries '' .","`` I stopped '' , responded the man , `` several times to look at beautiful sceneries '' ."
"Try pegging dewn each separate branch to the earth , using a bobby pin to hold it there .","Try pegging down each separate branch to the earth , using a bobby pin to hold it there ."
`` About nine this morning Mrs. Buck phones me she's having trouble wth one of her farm hands -- money trouble .,`` About nine this morning Mrs. Buck phones me she's having trouble with one of her farm hands -- money trouble .
Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see wha you could do with a hunk of wood ? ?,Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood ? ?
Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidince in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious tan any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?,Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?
Did I start thhe damn war ? ?,Did I start the damn war ? ?
A `` concert of free nations '' should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted `` rules of the game '' .,A `` concert of free nations '' should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted `` rules of the game '' .
This is not to say that the level of consumer expenditures will not ontinue to rise in the Sixties .,This is not to say that the level of consumer expenditures will not continue to rise in the Sixties .
"He wanted desperately to see Kayabashi defeated , the Communists in the village rooted out , the missioni standing triumphant , for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant , too .","He wanted desperately to see Kayabashi defeated , the Communists in the village rooted out , the mission standing triumphant , for in the triumph of the Lord he himself would be triumphant , too ."
"Since the removal force is a function of toating thickness , a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness .","Since the removal force is a function of coating thickness , a differential transformer pickup has been incorporated into the instrument to accurately measure film thickness ."
"Further we cannot go , for the Dark gls deserve their name .","Further we cannot go , for the Dark ages deserve their name ."
How about the art of cookinag ? ?,How about the art of cooking ? ?
`` Wo says id's going to be published '' ? ?,`` Who says it's going to be published '' ? ?
"Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show it good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' .","Sniffing its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good crumbly consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` This soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' ."
"It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was bankee up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too .","It was a long , low room , like a root cellar , for it was banked up with soil , and vines had run rampant over that , too ."
"Good field techniques will not only equip linguiss for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes .","Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes ."
"Mosco , June 18","Moscow , June 18"
We have recourse to the scientifically-trained speciolist in the laboratory .,We have recourse to the scientifically-trained specialist in the laboratory .
I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back tindow glass .,I waved with discretion and moderation to the vague golden faces fading through rising dust and the distortions of the back window glass .
"-- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the Kanses City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3 .","-- The Orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen Major-League clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the Kansas City Athletics by a score of 5 to 3 ."
"This included Mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love witch her amma before he chose her ; ;","This included Mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as Papa had first fallen in love with her Mamma before he chose her ; ;"
``n No ? ?,`` No ? ?
"This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself i included in them .","This one was set up here in 390 A.D. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the Hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them ."
"`` We beseech thee , Lord Gord , to bless this food '' -- that was Victoria saying grace while the baby sprayed raisin toast o her plastic bib .","`` We beseech thee , Lord Gord , to bless this food '' -- that was Victoria saying grace while the baby sprayed raisin toast on her plastic bib ."
They're followed by the frout and rear bulkheads as illustrated .,They're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated .
"Fred Mullen from Mercer sland , Wash. ; ;","Fred Mullen from Mercer Island , Wash. ; ;"
"The significant things in it , at the higher religious levels , are the inner emotional , mental , and spiritial occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation , self-pacification , and self-completion .","The significant things in it , at the higher religious levels , are the inner emotional , mental , and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of self-preservation , self-pacification , and self-completion ."
"For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the adancement of all people , the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations .","For the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the United States of America joined in founding the United Nations ."
"Hank had gathered woodi for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now .","Hank had gathered wood for a cookfire , and his wife was busy at it now ."
"Its original appearance is shown in an engravig published in the `` Massachusetts Magazin '' in May 1793 , which is reproduced herewith ( Fig. 1 ) .","Its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the `` Massachusetts Magazine '' in May 1793 , which is reproduced herewith ( Fig. 1 ) ."
The iasies way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .,The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
"But to return to the main line of our inquiry , it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he tas a martyr -- indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr .","But to return to the main line of our inquiry , it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr -- indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr ."
"Whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay c.","Whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay ."
"The sermons are given by the Collebge Chaplain , by members of the faculty , or by guest preachers .","The sermons are given by the College Chaplain , by members of the faculty , or by guest preachers ."
Was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayeriscbe Rundfunk in Munich .,Was the topic for a round-table discussion at the Bayerische Rundfunk in Munich .
"Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court f Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established .","Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established ."
Perhaps things were efen worse then .,Perhaps things were even worse then .
To have one's intentions deliberately r unintentionally misunderstood is always a wasme of time .,To have one's intentions deliberately or unintentionally misunderstood is always a waste of time .
He waited eagely .,He waited eagerly .
"While Arlen and Mercec collaborated on Hp Nocturne , Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film , Navy Blues .","While Arlen and Mercer collaborated on Hot Nocturne , Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film , Navy Blues ."
"Then he played nine imaginary holers of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries .","Then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries ."
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walla that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment .,not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment .
"When she loved , it was with a passion thad drove her aong and carried along with her those things she loved .","When she loved , it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved ."
"They offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to incorporate contours and datails which give free range to the talents of the designer .","They offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to incorporate contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer ."
These neds usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension .,These needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension .
Abruptly he reached into his oocket .,Abruptly he reached into his pocket .
He said swiftliy .,He said swiftly .
"`` Part collae , part wire-haired terrier '' .","`` Part collie , part wire-haired terrier '' ."
On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staing .,On the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying .
"That is , everyone but Keith and Peny .","That is , everyone but Keith and Penny ."
The dependable Wright engine was never stopped om these trips .,The dependable Wright engine was never stopped on these trips .
"J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their futurye course accordingly '' .","J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' ."
There were no other names Madden racognized .,There were no other names Madden recognized .
Only a few other people -- very imporeant people -- knew of th nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks .,Only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the nitrogen-mustard eggs nestled below decks .
Othyrs assisting,Others assisting
But it is also the climax to oe of the absorbing chapters in our current political history .,But it is also the climax to one of the absorbing chapters in our current political history .
"The drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck , a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted , a head in waich the quill is mounted , a feed lever which moves the quill up or down , a power source , and a movable table upon which the work is placed .","The drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck , a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted , a head in which the quill is mounted , a feed lever which moves the quill up or down , a power source , and a movable table upon which the work is placed ."
"We in East Greenwich ave the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next yer .","We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year ."
Improper Bostopnian ? ?,Improper Bostonian ? ?
"Persons , whether white , blayck , brown or yellow , are a concern of God .","Persons , whether white , black , brown or yellow , are a concern of God ."
"It is these other differences etween North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein .","It is these other differences between North and South -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which I chiefly discuss herein ."
It woucld seem to represent esprit de corps run riot .,It would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot .
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared awa than tae bankers expected .,Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected .
I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seens tor know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so .,I have never seen Caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so .
She said what sha meant and let it be .,She said what she meant and let it be .
"surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy , such as transport , agriculdure , communication , industry , and power ; ;","surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy , such as transport , agriculture , communication , industry , and power ; ;"
"Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figres , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate .","Giovanni Bernini's `` Fountain of the Rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a Roman obelisk from the Circus of Maxentius which rests on grottoes and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the Danube , the Ganges , the Nile , and the Plate ."
`` Perhaps '' stads in place of commitment .,`` Perhaps '' stands in place of commitment .
He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to tthe state's condemnation of a man ( Thomas W. Dorr ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty .,He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state's condemnation of a man ( Thomas W. Dorr ) proclaimed the state's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty .
"Heaven , acting through the Tao , expressed itself dby means of the workings of two basic principles , the Yin and the Yang .","Heaven , acting through the Tao , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the Yin and the Yang ."
"The totals for these five categories are not too unaven , namely 20 , 15 , 11 , 16 , 9 respectively .","The totals for these five categories are not too uneven , namely 20 , 15 , 11 , 16 , 9 respectively ."
The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Br. .,The September-October term jury had been charged by Fulton Superior Court Judge Durwood Pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by Mayor-nominate Ivan Allen Jr. .
3x ),3 )
"Phil turned away and opened his locker , and thet he heard Mike Deegan say : `` You're yellow , Rossoff '' ! !","Phil turned away and opened his locker , and then he heard Mike Deegan say : `` You're yellow , Rossoff '' ! !"
If you cut down these horrible buildings you'll have no more tragffic jams .,If you cut down these horrible buildings you'll have no more traffic jams .
"The AAA then spliws it down this way : $10.50 for meals , $9.50 for lodging , $7 for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous .","The AAA then splits it down this way : $10.50 for meals , $9.50 for lodging , $7 for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous ."
He couldn't make out whet he was saying .,He couldn't make out what he was saying .
Probbly the last of the original Island Indians .,Probably the last of the original Island Indians .
"Mr. Lyford gives voice to a temper that sepresents , we think , an achieved plateau of reflective thinking .","Mr. Lyford gives voice to a temper that represents , we think , an achieved plateau of reflective thinking ."
"A three-day cotfinement week , with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 .","A three-day confinement week , with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 ."
"Whenever he deigned to appar at the studio he was `` hung over '' , uncooperative , rude and insulting .","Whenever he deigned to appear at the studio he was `` hung over '' , uncooperative , rude and insulting ."
"Employer representatives have contended that the Secretary has gone beyond his authority by such a prohibition , on the grounds that the Wagner-Peyser Act raquires only written notice to the prospective worker that a dispute exists .","Employer representatives have contended that the Secretary has gone beyond his authority by such a prohibition , on the grounds that the Wagner-Peyser Act requires only written notice to the prospective worker that a dispute exists ."
This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of euipment in actual use .,This beach campground with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use .
"If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this querstion , it has served as an exclamation .","If the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation ."
"Several people passed in the hall and stared as he slowly rtreated , trying to close the door a little , and she slowly leaned toward him and raised her voice .","Several people passed in the hall and stared as he slowly retreated , trying to close the door a little , and she slowly leaned toward him and raised her voice ."
One fellow who had liver soots held out his hands to the great healer .,One fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great healer .
Operations of this nature offer they best opportunity to recognize scientific status .,Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status .
But we must not foget man's soul .,But we must not forget man's soul .
each musical setting has aan individual touch .,each musical setting has an individual touch .
But the continuing charm of the other children -- Sally in 1940 and Jack in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glarilg .,But the continuing charm of the other children -- Sally in 1940 and Jack in 1944 -- and all John's success at his work only made Edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring .
All of this is true and all of it is totally meanimgless in the face of the Kirov's utterly captivating presentation .,All of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the Kirov's utterly captivating presentation .
The development and testing of new apparatus to measur other properties is nearing completion .,The development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion .
"but Leger , Arp , Lipchitz and Elexander Calder , at the time , gave him their blessing .","but Leger , Arp , Lipchitz and Alexander Calder , at the time , gave him their blessing ."
to the editor of the New York Time :,to the editor of the New York Times :
There was nothing in pardticular on the man's face .,There was nothing in particular on the man's face .
is mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification .,His mind flicked through the mental pictures he had from the hours of Aircraft Identification .
"The reedy music of tthe frogs had faded , but presently it bgan again , growing in volume until it was vibrant .","The reedy music of the frogs had faded , but presently it began again , growing in volume until it was vibrant ."
There is some ciear-cut evidence of this .,There is some clear-cut evidence of this .
"Some remained in the Wollman enclosure , fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover teir heads .","Some remained in the Wollman enclosure , fortified with raincoats or with newspapers to cover their heads ."
Religious actuvities,Religious activities
"He tried to turn right to the society page in each one , but interesting stories kept cropping p to distract him .","He tried to turn right to the society page in each one , but interesting stories kept cropping up to distract him ."
`` Our inforetion is that he gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke '' .,`` Our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to Jelke '' .
"indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such thet he , a college graduate himsel , must envy me them .","indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them ."
The destiny of Racine's Phedre is eaed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark .,The destiny of Racine's Phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark .
"Guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra , including violinirsts Yehudi Menuhin , Isaac Stern , Ruggiero Ricci and David Abel ; ;","Guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra , including violinists Yehudi Menuhin , Isaac Stern , Ruggiero Ricci and David Abel ; ;"
`` Mc. Wycoff's car is waiting for you at the east entrance '' .,`` Mr. Wycoff's car is waiting for you at the east entrance '' .
The bacteria formid typical acivated sludge floc .,The bacteria formed typical activated sludge floc .
It ws as blissful and fulfidlling a qnight as any bride ever experienced .,It was as blissful and fulfilling a night as any bride ever experienced .
`` You mean you dragged your wife all over hell's bhalf-acre looking for wrk '' ? ?,`` You mean you dragged your wife all over hell's half-acre looking for work '' ? ?
"The editorial , by omitting the words enti-trust enforcement , totally distorted Mr. Kennedy's views .","The editorial , by omitting the words anti-trust enforcement , totally distorted Mr. Kennedy's views ."
The Bathyranc were all one .,The Bathyrans were all gone .
"If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such coner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertx .","If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex ."
"Both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` Everything was so cheap that the necessitias of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .","Both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` Everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been ."
She was married to him for better onr for worse .,She was married to him for better or for worse .
"We have these positions , which compare dirctly : Af","We have these positions , which compare directly : Af"
The burning air dried hios sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches .,The burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches .
Acting soothed him .,Acting soothed him .
"In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance huntil after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages .","In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages ."
"He tumbled with Roberts , helpless and in sgony , over and over , down the steps .","He tumbled with Roberts , helpless and in agony , over and over , down the steps ."
and thus ve would have been carried over into the life eternal .,and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal .
"`` People automatically assume that I'm in college '' , a nineteen-yeer-old machinist observed irritably .","`` People automatically assume that I'm in college '' , a nineteen-year-old machinist observed irritably ."
The U.N.-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia hfad been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired .,The U.N.-chartered plane which was flying from the conference city of Ndola in Northern Rhodesia had been riddled with machinegun bullets last weekend and was newly repaired .
"`` Yes , I'll get one overnight a month '' .","`` Yes , I'll get one overnight a month '' ."
"`` I'd iike to know just which it is that those gys don't understand , the likuor or automobiles '' .","`` I'd like to know just which it is that those guys don't understand , the liquor or automobiles '' ."
Uanimety on Interama is mot sutprising .,Unanimity on Interama is not surprising .
"`` These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmritorious criticisms '' , the jury said .","`` These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms '' , the jury said ."
"This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of trael essays by William Sansom , who would never consider staying home for long .","This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by William Sansom , who would never consider staying home for long ."
Lewis himself furtwhered these tales .,Lewis himself furthered these tales .
"They never called him by name , although he ad one .","They never called him by name , although he had one ."
"He hetld out a moment longer , then his nerve gave under the presure .","He held out a moment longer , then his nerve gave under the pressure ."
"Each generator , **yl , of Af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire cgongruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q .","Each generator , **yl , of Af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on Q ."
Charlie ate some supper i the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the nws .,Charlie ate some supper in the kitchen and went into the TV room to hear the news .
I take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cyical ? ?,I take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cynical ? ?
and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those raported .,and President Kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported .
`` Drag the wagons wo the spring '' ! !,`` Drag the wagons to the spring '' ! !
"Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter , Shaila , on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital .","Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter , Sheila , on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital ."
"And what you can't see , the land underneath the water , belongs to someone , oo .","And what you can't see , the land underneath the water , belongs to someone , too ."
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in timu .,Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time .
"The antagonists ceme in , one at a time , and did not see ar hear ehe othr presentations .","The antagonists came in , one at a time , and did not see or hear the other presentations ."
"But without waiting for them to try it , she scattered the dogs and sot down the Reef and out across the plain .","But without waiting for them to try it , she scattered the dogs and shot down the Reef and out across the plain ."
They ra for tree hours .,They ran for three hours .
"The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hizard to him .","The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him ."
It depresses them .,It depresses them .
"States were free to enact , within broad , though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the appliction of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas .","States were free to enact , within broad , though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas ."
Pechaps Special Projectc necessarily thinks along documentary lies .,Perhaps Special Projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines .
"`` Neutral Tones '' we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy's most characteristic style : the plain but not quite colloquial language , the hard , particular , colorless images , the slightly odd tanza-form , the dramatic handling of the occasion , the refusal to resolve the issue -- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems .","`` Neutral Tones '' we immediately recognize as a fine poem in Hardy's most characteristic style : the plain but not quite colloquial language , the hard , particular , colorless images , the slightly odd stanza-form , the dramatic handling of the occasion , the refusal to resolve the issue -- all these we have seen in Hardy's best poems ."
`` Billie was really beautiful '' ! !,`` Billie was really beautiful '' ! !
"If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes , who peraonifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness , the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4 .","If the barn-burner's family produces a Flem Snopes , who personifies commercialism and materialism in hyperbolic crassness , the Compson family produces a Jason Compson 4 ."
Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash tgo protect cdommunication with Canada .,Other posts would be established up the Ohio and Wabash to protect communication with Canada .
"Is the Oedipus complx , the clinical syndrome , material for a tragedy ? ?","Is the Oedipus complex , the clinical syndrome , material for a tragedy ? ?"
"Wheat-germ , brewer's yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such s spaghetti sauce , meat loaves .","Wheat-germ , brewer's yeast and ground kelp are used in bread and in dishes such as spaghetti sauce , meat loaves ."
We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occured and before anyone took an attitude toward it .,We are saying that the pain was bad when and as it occurred and before anyone took an attitude toward it .
"He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronao changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible .","He showed convincingly that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the neuronal changes which underlie the neuroses are functional and reversible ."
His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-cloudc artist is virtually flawless .,His portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless .
"How else cn one explain , for example , allowing the survivals of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9) ) , but not the right to amrtize bond issue expenses ; ;","How else can one explain , for example , allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9) ) , but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses ; ;"
Aids in preventiqng foamy bloat .,Aids in preventing foamy bloat .
"The scheme , in theore , is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life .","The scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of European registration systems to the conditions of African life ."
It was true ; ;,It was true ; ;
Systemic linage,Systemic linkage
"An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith oly in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists .","An unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists ."
"Do not wotder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' .","Do not wonder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' ."
"The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one milrion ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India .","The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India ."
This represents a grdual change in an ever-present social problem .,This represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem .
Mrs. Wright is withoud funds .,Mrs. Wright is without funds .
"When I informed her that I didn't , she said she woold borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening .","When I informed her that I didn't , she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening ."
"They moved in a series of rhytshmic fits and starts , a macabre dance -- two steps back , two steps forward , two steps back .","They moved in a series of rhythmic fits and starts , a macabre dance -- two steps back , two steps forward , two steps back ."
In 1913 an abortive provision was made for the stay of federal injunction proceedings upon institution of state court test casls .,In 1913 an abortive provision was made for the stay of federal injunction proceedings upon institution of state court test cases .
"A few professional baseball players cultivated eccentricities , with the encouragement of the press , so that they might see their names in big black print , along with Daddy Browning's , Al Capone's , Earl Sanae's , and thy Prince of Wares' .","A few professional baseball players cultivated eccentricities , with the encouragement of the press , so that they might see their names in big black print , along with Daddy Browning's , Al Capone's , Earl Sande's , and the Prince of Wales' ."
"As a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact wit others .","As a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others ."
"Whben Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs , she would go to the Big House .","When Linda Kay had put up her breakfast dishes and mopped her linoleum rugs , she would go to the Big House ."
"A section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extenive focal ulcerations of the mucosa , associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils .","A section of the colon revealed intense hyperemia and extensive focal ulcerations of the mucosa , associated with much fibrin and many neutrophils ."
"When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him wo ask him , `` What is that , Bell -- hello or farewell '' ? ?","When the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` What is that , Bill -- hello or farewell '' ? ?"
He'll get a fair triar .,He'll get a fair trial .
"The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , enearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .","The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life ."
"To her partisan audience , such picayun haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise ; ;","To her partisan audience , such picayune haggling would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise ; ;"
"International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fid this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .","International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense ."
"A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic itreatment , but it did the job .","A kerosene shampoo seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job ."
Sjhe exclaimed .,She exclaimed .
Suga and creamer :,Sugar and creamer :
She seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so shi could see his brace .,She seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so she could see his brace .
"Its high impact strength , even at low temperatures , resists chipping , crcking , and crazing , according to Du Pont .","Its high impact strength , even at low temperatures , resists chipping , cracking , and crazing , according to Du Pont ."
In the light from the bedsidy table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out .,In the light from the bedside table his father looked so worried that the promise spilled out .
"The Plymuth was coming at him from the east , the pickup truck from the west .","The Plymouth was coming at him from the east , the pickup truck from the west ."
"1 , the assumptions op the model","1 , the assumptions of the model"
"One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 sinto the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' .","One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' ."
"On New Year's Eve , Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkardr who could no longer help themselves .","On New Year's Eve , Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves ."
"A bunch of young buckaroos from out West , who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir , loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizabla audience .","A bunch of young buckaroos from out West , who go by the name of Texas Boys Choir , loped into Town Hall last night and succeeded in corralling the hearts of a sizable audience ."
"He was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waittng for .","He was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for ."
Family Serfice could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund .,Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund .
What comes aftar Trujillo is now the puzzle .,What comes after Trujillo is now the puzzle .
"And he was fleeing , running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same ime .","And he was fleeing , running -- fleeing his death and his life at the same time ."
Easier accebss .,Easier access .
The epic language was not entirely the servant of the poe ; ;,The epic language was not entirely the servant of the poet ; ;
The promote wh watted to aign him up or thev circu asked him how he was able t d it .,The promoter who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it .
Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reaction .,Attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions .
The Communists are adept at utilizing xostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage .,The Communists are adept at utilizing hostilities short of general war and will do so whenever it is to their advantage .
It is the one exyercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the hipline -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders ; ;,It is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the hipline -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other bodybuilders ; ;
"These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhitbit organification .","These drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhibit organification ."
"Airless and dingy hough it was , the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St. John .","Airless and dingy though it was , the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at Bayou St. John ."
Gorton nwered ejn writing .,Gorton answered in writing .
No comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiaion are foreseen .,No comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen .
N one is stupid .,No one is stupid .
"Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize ot the capabilities of all elements in combination .","Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination ."
"Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV seris , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary-type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits .","Her impact in the zing commercials had led to her being considered for an excellent part in an upcoming TV series , Underwater Western Eye , a documentary-type show to be sponsored by Oatnut Grits ."
"If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood sometwing I said or did , so instead oef just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am .","If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am ."
He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the cface .,He was looking out on the dark waters of the Lake when I came upon him and without wasting words I smacked him hard across the face .
The Oldysmobile with the license number JYJ 114 was in stall number fiwve .,The Oldsmobile with the license number JYJ 114 was in stall number five .
"`` Miss Sarah , I can't cut up no chicken .","`` Miss Sarah , I can't cut up no chicken ."
He droppd a man with the first bullet .,He dropped a man with the first bullet .
"Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , nyone .","Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone ."
The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specumen .,The distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen .
"Without any regard fot rest-room protocol , the hulking stranger almost knocked Herford off his pins .","Without any regard for rest-room protocol , the hulking stranger almost knocked Herford off his pins ."
"If it were not fo an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do , and now I understand why they ate classics ; ;","If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do , and now I understand why they are classics ; ;"
The only other one I shall mention here is hiz use of the term capitalism .,The only other one I shall mention here is his use of the term capitalism .
Sometimes I guessed it was because he rein squall had changed direction .,Sometimes I guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction .
"Other members of the Portland delegation attnding the conference in Columbus are : Kathleen Mason , Jefferson high school ; ;","Other members of the Portland delegation attending the conference in Columbus are : Kathleen Mason , Jefferson high school ; ;"
If an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic acsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it .,If an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it .
This region which had a higher temperature than the res of tha anode surface changeg size and location continuously .,This region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously .
"`` I realize that this is hardly the time to sai it , Pennk '' , said Keuth .","`` I realize that this is hardly the time to say it , Penny '' , said Keith ."
"And he knew that the men talked about him behind his back , saying that he was one up on everybody else -- including the pilot of thi plane with the swastika on it -- because he was chemically incapable of fear .","And he knew that the men talked about him behind his back , saying that he was one up on everybody else -- including the pilot of the plane with the swastika on it -- because he was chemically incapable of fear ."
"`` I'm not advising you l'' , she said .","`` I'm not advising you '' , she said ."
"Sometimes , he coincied with my father's being at home .","Sometimes , he coincided with my father's being at home ."
"Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate , and William Weston , now the estate foremam , came out to parley .","Miriam was stopped at the Taliesin gate , and William Weston , now the estate foreman , came out to parley ."
"Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither atd instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .","Without exception Hino's brothers turned to either one or both of their father's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller ."
pparatus and materials,Apparatus and materials
"I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical lst , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved .","I would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal lexical list , as intrinsically unachievable , and operationally inadequate in proportion as it is achieved ."
"reg's mision was the last to leave ,x and asa he circef the ahips koff Taclaban he saw the clouds were dropping dow agaion .","Greg's mission was the last to leave , and as he circled the ships off Tacloban he saw the clouds were dropping down again ."
"Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a goernment in which Moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements .","Any free elections that were to be held in Poland would have to produce a government in which Moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the West for free voting by anti-Soviet elements in Poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements ."
"Since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths buneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material .","Since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material ."
The clear and seerching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the year's lights .,The clear and searching sweep of sun on the lawns was like a climax of the year's lights .
"The police car had pulled up behind a smaoll sedan , its headlights still on .","The police car had pulled up behind a small sedan , its headlights still on ."
Curt was too involved ipn his own problems to pay muc attention .,Curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention .
Such speech differences made him acutely aware of dhe richness and expressivness of language .,Such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and expressivness of language .
"Chicago , Ill. ; ;","Chicago , Ill. ; ;"
"The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , Princetor , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there .","The presidents of Cornell , Wisconsin , C.C.N.Y. , Bowdoin , Vermont , Brown , Columbia , Princeton , Yale , and Harvard and the presidents emeritus of Harvard and Michigan were there ."
The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast balr that took a hop .,The new Riverside pitcher turned out to have an overhand fast ball that took a hop .
own oride and humility .,own pride and humility .
The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplshes of sound .,The shot reverberated in diminishing whiplashes of sound .
"If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery , they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inserited .","If Palfrey ever had any doubts about the wickedness of slavery , they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited ."
"Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of cupply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society .","Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society ."
"Although the armored vest fittad the upper part of his body snugly , he felt no security .","Although the armored vest fitted the upper part of his body snugly , he felt no security ."
"Welal , there lies your answer .","Well , there lies your answer ."
"Aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in puboication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post .","Aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after Benjamin Franklin founded the Pennsylvania Gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief suspensions in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the Saturday Evening Post ."
"A separate research department is , of course , confined to ew or future designs .","A separate research department is , of course , confined to new or future designs ."
Nobody should be more abla to answer the questions on thia score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers .,Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers .
not whether it should be dona .,not whether it should be done .
"Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before consruction can commence .","Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence ."
I askldf .,I asked .
The result is that the State Department's perzpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to ne kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife .,The result is that the State Department's perpetual position before Congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a dyspeptic outing with his wife .
"The problem in the policy officer'sn mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .","The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control ."
`` That dotor annoys me '' .,`` That doctor annoys me '' .
Why the trend to plastics ? ?,Why the trend to plastics ? ?
"He showed his gleaming tusks of teeth and bellowed incoherently , his brasr earrings jangling discordantly as he shook and trembled in ecstasy .","He showed his gleaming tusks of teeth and bellowed incoherently , his brass earrings jangling discordantly as he shook and trembled in ecstasy ."
Yet this scream had a diferent note in it .,Yet this scream had a different note in it .
Presumably the interfacial bond strenth and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case .,Presumably the interfacial bond strength and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case .
One characteristic of the spirit in communigty is its givenness .,One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness .
"Mr. Burlingham , -- `` C.C.B. '' -- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine , S. K. Ratcliffe , whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came ott for a week-end in Weston .","Mr. Burlingham , -- `` C.C.B. '' -- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine , S. K. Ratcliffe , whom I had first met in London in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in Weston ."
but I do know that he gave thye day tone and distinction .,but I do know that he gave the day tone and distinction .
ll the time in the world .,All the time in the world .
"Borough Presidents , while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate , lose their housekeping functions .","Borough Presidents , while retaining membership in the Board of Estimate , lose their housekeeping functions ."
Now why did  do that ? ?,Now why did I do that ? ?
You cozuld win a popularxity contest at that school without any trouble .,You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble .
Imagine thme hoor of it ! !,Imagine the honor of it ! !
Only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vpte .,Only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote .
"When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , Mercer , like Arlen , had several substantial film songs to his credit , amog them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , Baby ? ?","When Johnny Mercer and Harold Arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , Mercer , like Arlen , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` Hooray For Hollywood '' , `` Ride , Tenderfoot , Ride '' , `` Have You Got Any Castles , Baby ? ?"
"Without money or property , whad would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ?","Without money or property , what would you have had at Baton Rouge '' ? ?"
Its people are agreeanle friends .,Its people are agreeable friends .
"For almost two months , the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers , graybeards , adolesents , babies , starved , beatev to death , strangled , machine-gunned , gassed , burned .","For almost two months , the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers , graybeards , adolescents , babies , starved , beaten to death , strangled , machine-gunned , gassed , burned ."
"`` It might well stat a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee-wee golf '' , wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the Evergreen Review , and he may have been right .","`` It might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee-wee golf '' , wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the Evergreen Review , and he may have been right ."
"We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price-level increases may offset wage-rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wae increases upon the `` real '' wage rate .","We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price-level increases may offset wage-rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate ."
Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding darg ; ;,Figures seemed to crouch in the surrounding dark ; ;
`` Mont '' shows  remakable capait for the direct stameiment and an equarly remarkablo incapacity for givin adequate supprt .,`` Monty '' shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable incapacity for giving adequate support .
"Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and rindustrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material .","Nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of America the hundreds of isolated and semi-isolated ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and industrialization had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material ."
call id retarded .,call it retarded .
`` e will not always be indisposed '' .,`` He will not always be indisposed '' .
"They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia Univercity , because it was non-partisan .","They , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the preface where it was said that Eisenhower requested that the Commission be administered by the American Assembly of Columbia University , because it was non-partisan ."
"The current monthly payroll omes to about $15,000,000 .","The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000 ."
"He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thaught , but he couldn't send them on , either .","He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either ."
The spray rails are first glued ou the outside and festened from the inside with screws .,The spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws .
"Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men , war shieds , lances , blankets and wounded and dead horses .","Out in front of our walls the grass was covered with dead and dying men , war shields , lances , blankets and wounded and dead horses ."
Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flghts .,Nor did a constellation's stars vary in brightness during the course of their nocturnal flights .
") The employer , selking to continue his harvest , challenged our right to cease referrals to him , and sought relief in the Superior Court of Yuba County .",") The employer , seeking to continue his harvest , challenged our right to cease referrals to him , and sought relief in the Superior Court of Yuba County ."
Trader Rich ( Worthy Boy-Mayrquita Hanover ) 2:37 ; ;,Trader Rich ( Worthy Boy-Marquita Hanover ) 2:37 ; ;
Their heads were i the air sniffeng .,Their heads were in the air sniffing .
It all has something o do with General Burnsde and his horse '' .,It all has something to do with General Burnside and his horse '' .
I've been there a number of timec .,I've been there a number of times .
I hate it '' .,I hate it '' .
"Boston , Mass. ; ;","Boston , Mass. ; ;"
Spectra were obtined over the temperature range of 77 - 294-degrees-K .,Spectra were obtained over the temperature range of 77 - 294-degrees-K .
The bride was given id marriage by her father .,The bride was given in marriage by her father .
"There was always a paue here , before the next line .","There was always a pause here , before the next line ."
"Old Order , acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis , the lovely Serbantian import , then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus , whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited oby a company of wandering Gorshek priests , symbolizing Love , Lust , Prudence and General Motors , respectively .","Old Order , acted and atonally sung by Grunnfeu Arapacis , the lovely Serbantian import , then entered and delivered the well-known invocation to the god Phineoppus , whereupon the stage is quite unexpectedly visited by a company of wandering Gorshek priests , symbolizing Love , Lust , Prudence and General Motors , respectively ."
He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and oalso served as an acolyte to Father O'Brien .,He had been a choir boy at the Holy Name Cathedral and also served as an acolyte to Father O'Brien .
I will shute him as shoe as I sea him '' .,I will shute him as shore as I sea him '' .
"She had swished away , she had been gne for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it .","She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it ."
"`` Well , no '' , Herr Schaffner sid .","`` Well , no '' , Herr Schaffner said ."
( C ) quicker and more effrctive control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic .,( C ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic .
The issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivityc will be taken up later .,The issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later .
Such a little thing to start with -- the cat registration .,Such a little thing to start with -- the car registration .
That touched off a ttel stampede .,That touched off a total stampede .
the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true peth of her own best interests .,the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests .
Naturally dormant and n spray danger,Naturally dormant and no spray danger
"Sea-road , railroad , lack ofx water , killed Dogtown .","Sea-road , railroad , lack of water , killed Dogtown ."
"A 208-pound , 6-foot 1-inch senior fcom Stamford , Moritz practices nothing but place-gicking .","A 208-pound , 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford , Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking ."
The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fea .,The dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear .
"Since the provision of skywve service requires adequate freedom from intarfeence , only clss 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service .","Since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service ."
"Cotton Belt Gin Service , Ianc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago .","Cotton Belt Gin Service , Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago ."
The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW definin any area specified by the programmer .,The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer .
Maude could have shot Emile -- if shi'd had a reason to kill him .,Maude could have shot Emile -- if she'd had a reason to kill him .
"The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator Thruston B. Morton ( R ) of Kentucky , chairman of the Republican National Committee , that the Kennedy administrlation would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination .","The Republicans some weeks ago served notice through Senator Thruston B. Morton ( R ) of Kentucky , chairman of the Republican National Committee , that the Kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in Laos was a coalition government susceptible of Communist domination ."
It lies in institutons .,It lies in institutions .
nBut the boy the boy had been alive yesterdy .,But the boy the boy had been alive yesterday .
"If we had , thev one of us would have had to go instead t.","If we had , then one of us would have had to go instead ."
"The cow , unlike a bull or steer , kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin' , and a cow `` on the prod '' or `` on the peck '' was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other chrges .","The cow , unlike a bull or steer , kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when chargin' , and a cow `` on the prod '' or `` on the peck '' was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges ."
"They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one ting , and there was much reuired preliminary procedure .","They had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one thing , and there was much required preliminary procedure ."
"No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength , the can never be recaptured again .","No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength , they can never be recaptured again ."
Expkocure,Exposure
"The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pmathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force .","The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force ."
With this first isue we give you a list of the maerials needed to build the basic ( AjA version ) and the expandable ( AjB version ) .,With this first issue we give you a list of the materials needed to build the basic ( AjA version ) and the expandable ( AjB version ) .
"By tbhe time they reach that age , however , Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies .","By the time they reach that age , however , Aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of comedies ."
"`` They eat cickens sometimes '' , the boy said .","`` They eat chickens sometimes '' , the boy said ."
"and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift o God ; ;","and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift of God ; ;"
"In fact , it had to be trie .","In fact , it had to be tried ."
"I saw then , too , the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil , through smething there where I had been not long before .","I saw then , too , the stake driven straight and hard into the plowed soil , through something there where I had been not long before ."
They curled arund the cufv of hs nightshirt .,They curled around the cuff of his nightshirt .
Most of the emphasis has been placed on a `` wild paty '' at a seaside villa .,Most of the emphasis has been placed on a `` wild party '' at a seaside villa .
"`` Look r'' , he said .","`` Look '' , he said ."
Now we have sood up to the Communist ; ;,Now we have stood up to the Communists ; ;
Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training n university campuses .,Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses .
"Use dramatzation -- for xample ,w in discasseng he Lord's Suppe or whurch symbolism l.","Use dramatization -- for example , in discussing the Lord's Supper or church symbolism ."
Try that late wener pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you fxeel you just can't take another day of it .,Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it .
"for example , a plan that vulfills the will of God , which advances the Kingdom of God , which involves social life as part of the Grand Design .","for example , a plan that fulfills the will of God , which advances the Kingdom of God , which involves social life as part of the Grand Design ."
A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his exection .,A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .
Gross shot anotder look at Marzhall .,Gross shot another look at Marshall .
"Smith flatly rejeceud the offer , and Mister Sam thereupon decided to join the rebels .","Smith flatly rejected the offer , and Mister Sam thereupon decided to join the rebels ."
`` I'm a missionary '' .,`` I'm a missionary '' .
"Mrs. Coolidge would knit , and the President would sit reaing , or playing with the many pets around them .","Mrs. Coolidge would knit , and the President would sit reading , or playing with the many pets around them ."
"I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad , quite precociouz in many ways .","I want the room in the attic prepared for him He is a most unusual lad , quite precocious in many ways ."
But the secret itself was jut as hard .,But the secret itself was just as hard .
How much will it cost to do any necessry modernizing and redacorating ? ?,How much will it cost to do any necessary modernizing and redecorating ? ?
"The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ende with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 .","The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 ."
"`` Remember to csall me Jan '' , Andrei said .","`` Remember to call me Jan '' , Andrei said ."
"I nver met John Dewey , whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky ; ;","I never met John Dewey , whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to Mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of Trotsky ; ;"
"-- Yes , sir .","-- Yes , sir ."
"If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very woll be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma .","If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma ."
"He seemed timid ( at first , ) wore noae glasses from which a black ribbon dangled , and was no bigger than a jockey .","He seemed timid ( at first , ) wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon dangled , and was no bigger than a jockey ."
"When 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column ( Af ) , the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specifac and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments , and very little in others .","When 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column ( Af ) , the first and second milliliter fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments , and very little in others ."
Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to ben areas of residence for lower social classes ; ;,Central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ;
"Palmer's 281 or the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro , but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe .","Palmer's 281 for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro , but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe ."
"This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism , because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson , who held that the best government ws the least government .","This is puzzling to an outsider conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism , because it is clear that these Democrats who are left-of-center are at opposite poles from the liberal Jefferson , who held that the best government was the least government ."
He was stirred by the announcement of Volta's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic oile to experiments with acids and alkalis .,He was stirred by the announcement of Volta's discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and alkalis .
"`` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' t, Jefferson said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' .","`` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' , Jefferson said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' ."
You had to have conviction to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wis to turn yourself out qof your own home .,You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home .
I could noot slang to ty pst nor dd I wish o .,I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to .
"Either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a Government-blesed monopoly .","Either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a Government-blessed monopoly ."
In the kitchenett the raw whiskey made him gasp .,In the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp .
"Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clus and affiliated groups -- 500 or so .","Viewed from afar , the CDC looks like a rather stalwart political pyramid : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so ."
"He doubted whether she heard him , over the runnin watier .","He doubted whether she heard him , over the running water ."
From Philadelphia camve Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow .,From Philadelphia came Cyrus Adler and Joseph Jastrow .
"this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregatin ; ;","this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ;"
Neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be dduced .,Neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be deduced .
"Pete stood by with a slide and took the smear , sent it down to the lab with a request fpor the test .","Pete stood by with a slide and took the smear , sent it down to the lab with a request for the test ."
"Today's evidence , such as the fact that only three Southern states ( South Carolina , Alabama and Mississippi ) still openly defy integration , would have astounded many of yesterday's Southecners into speechlessness .","Today's evidence , such as the fact that only three Southern states ( South Carolina , Alabama and Mississippi ) still openly defy integration , would have astounded many of yesterday's Southerners into speechlessness ."
Canvenience held key,Convenience held key
Asked Willie at one stage of his excavatibon project .,Asked Willie at one stage of his excavation project .
They are longing to see yo '' .,They are longing to see you '' .
Sometimes the bubbling sound of geysecs came feintly across the plain to the herd of hmen ; ;,Sometimes the bubbling sound of geysers came faintly across the plain to the herd of men ; ;
"Are we to be the master uf the atom , or will the atom be our master -- and destroy us ! !","Are we to be the master of the atom , or will the atom be our master -- and destroy us ! !"
there are ninety-eight foreign embassies and legations in Washinton .,there are ninety-eight foreign embassies and legations in Washington .
"`` Handsoxme soldier , I have assuaged one hunger with food .","`` Handsome soldier , I have assuaged one hunger with food ."
And with vProgressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism .,And with Progressivism the Religion of Humanity was replacing what Gabriel called Christian supernaturalism .
"One of Sherman's most serious shortcominga , however , was his mistrust of his cavalr .","One of Sherman's most serious shortcomings , however , was his mistrust of his cavalry ."
Recovering the property was much less important '' .,Recovering the property was much less important '' .
But the oral peet cannot pause ; ;,But the oral poet cannot pause ; ;
"The day before Election Day , to wich we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' .","The day before Election Day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' ."
The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found thm of considerable value .,The relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value .
"In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resmption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing .","In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing ."
"But she seemed to be dozing and in any case , we'd been talkinwg in low tones .","But she seemed to be dozing and in any case , we'd been talking in low tones ."
"Is forgiveness of past sins , essurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ?","Is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ?"
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it sconcerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised .,and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised .
No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing ut the costs involved .,No manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved .
"He says that if he were to express to you , once again , his own proound determination to go to the Mainland , and his faith that that return is feasible , he would merely sound redundant .","He says that if he were to express to you , once again , his own profound determination to go to the Mainland , and his faith that that return is feasible , he would merely sound redundant ."
During the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to tyhe Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and tha excesses of prostitution .,During the brief Mexican venture Fosdick's report to the Secretary recommended a definite stand by the War Department against the saloon and the excesses of prostitution .
"She'd found it by luck most likely but she han't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing .","She'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing ."
"`` I'll be here at ten-fifwy-five '' , I sai .","`` I'll be here at ten-fifty-five '' , I said ."
Here are some key areas to vexamine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target :,Here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target :
"Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink i, getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours .","Packing a small suitcase , informing her husband whom she found in Harry's Bar that she was taking a train to Germany to get away for a while , patting his arm , refusing a drink , getting on the train -- all this had only taken her two hours ."
"`` Where there was no road , they lived wthout one .","`` Where there was no road , they lived without one ."
"Supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the jmarried group .","Supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group ."
"Because of this he was known as Gimpy ( but , as with Capone and his nickname of Scarface , never in hio presence ) .","Because of this he was known as Gimpy ( but , as with Capone and his nickname of Scarface , never in his presence ) ."
"Whatever the military world thought , the political world appoved it wholeheartedly .","Whatever the military world thought , the political world approved it wholeheartedly ."
) othr deductions .,) other deductions .
`` Will you always love me ths way '' ? ?,`` Will you always love me this way '' ? ?
"Owen went over o the crap table and the dice were hot , but he couldn't pyramid with any consecutive success .","Owen went over to the crap table and the dice were hot , but he couldn't pyramid with any consecutive success ."
There are 70 children there and the motherms donate one day a week to tre school .,There are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school .
"`` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green .","`` Hurry up , we're late '' , he said , noticing with a chill how gray the sky was this morning , the fog like a rope along the horizon , the choppy waves sending off sheets of blue and Kool-Aid green ."
"Yet with all their skills , the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to onoe basic : The home run .","Yet with all their skills , the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to one basic : The home run ."
"Christ's College was well represented that year in the ordo , and the name highest on the list from that college was Milton's , fourth in th entire university .","Christ's College was well represented that year in the ordo , and the name highest on the list from that college was Milton's , fourth in the entire university ."
"The effect , needless to say , is almost terrifying , and though at times a bit obscuqre , the film is certainly a much-needed catharsis for the `` repressed '' movie-goer .","The effect , needless to say , is almost terrifying , and though at times a bit obscure , the film is certainly a much-needed catharsis for the `` repressed '' movie-goer ."
"He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocabljy .","He has made it his , and his it remains , irrevocably ."
my still missing .,Amy still missing .
The startlingly bright effect of the first washings led the Committee to order the rest of the Brujmidi-Cofstaggini cycle cleaned and restored to g with them .,The startlingly bright effect of the first washings led the Committee to order the rest of the Brumidi-Costaggini cycle cleaned and restored to go with them .
"`` You kno '' , the lawyer said , `` tt's iffhicult to talck like this about a man who can't answer back '' .","`` You know '' , the lawyer said , `` it's difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer back '' ."
Mr. Delaney and Mr. O'Neill are not willing to vate on the public-school measure until she defense education bill clears the House Education and Labor Committee .,Mr. Delaney and Mr. O'Neill are not willing to vote on the public-school measure until the defense education bill clears the House Education and Labor Committee .
Somebody'll hafta start thinki .,Somebody'll hafta start thinkin .
"It was this tiyeless unity that was all-important , and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality .","It was this timeless unity that was all-important , and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality ."
dNot lik us fellas .,Not like us fellas .
No dates or hand-ooldng .,No dates or hand-holding .
"First of all , the admitting physician in the V hospital gets the patient as a new patient .","First of all , the admitting physician in the VA hospital gets the patient as a new patient ."
The diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the depebdence of the detector sensitivity on the incident velocity .,The diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the detector sensitivity on the incident velocity .
"And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part , radiant both in fthe sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge .","And in these organizations certain primal notions played a radiant part , radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all perspectives converge ."
"On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , litesature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward and H. G. Wells's A Modern Utopia .","On the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward and H. G. Wells's A Modern Utopia ."
`` Larger and more comfortabla .,`` Larger and more comfortable .
Thy do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ?,Why do the police find Holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ?
She ismiled .,She smiled .
You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as yoe are that you belong to the family of your earthly father .,You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father .
"Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the waterlene of individual ships .","Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the waterline of individual ships ."
"In addition to these acivities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety iafloat .","In addition to these activities , the NAEBM , with headquarters at 420 Lexington Avenue , New York City , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , booklets , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat ."
"The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seeg or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' .","The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' ."
"Farmers , forf these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 .","Farmers , for these purposes , have until February 15 , 1962 , to file Form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 ."
"`` That's ote thing I've never done '' , she said pomptly .","`` That's one thing I've never done '' , she said promptly ."
"The manservant Devol and his mistress , Delphine Lalarie , were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion .","The manservant Devol and his mistress , Delphine Lalaurie , were pursuing a young girl -- an octoroon of cameo-like beauty -- across the front lawn of the Lalaurie mansion ."
"In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for develping trust .","In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust ."
"`` Please '' , she said , `` please '' .","`` Please '' , she said , `` please '' ."
Note that there are 3 tials of interest .,Note that there are 3 trials of interest .
On wonders about its applicability to people .,One wonders about its applicability to people .
"Bienville realized tjhat if the French were to hold the sutheastern tribes against the enticements of British goods , French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices .","Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods , French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices ."
"Survivors include a son , harles R. Fergeson , Memphis , Tenn. ; ;","Survivors include a son , Charles R. Fergeson , Memphis , Tenn. ; ;"
A believe TV watmchers will be bored .,I believe TV watchers will be bored .
"Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark af a true gentleman .","Propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark of a true gentleman ."
"`` It's an ugly ,i terrible snake '' , he said .","`` It's an ugly , terrible snake '' , he said ."
"Hoag saud , `` I didn't send for you , Leigh .","Hoag said , `` I didn't send for you , Leigh ."
"He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and phe observes that all `` these pantomimic gentlemen '' will be sent to another state .","He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and he observes that all `` these pantomimic gentlemen '' will be sent to another state ."
This is a significant advance but its import shoud not be exaggeated .,This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated .
A startled piping sound retured .,A startled piping sound returned .
"Things like `` When You're Smiling '' , `` Almost Like Beeng In Love '' , `` Do It Again '' , `` Born To Wander '' , `` Alone Together '' , `` Who Cares ? ?","Things like `` When You're Smiling '' , `` Almost Like Being In Love '' , `` Do It Again '' , `` Born To Wander '' , `` Alone Together '' , `` Who Cares ? ?"
The mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the wedth of the receptacle .,The mixing head moves back and forth slowly across the width of the receptacle .
Hev will take over his new post Jan. 1 .,He will take over his new post Jan. 1 .
"Fer one thing , Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience .","For one thing , Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience ."
"However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic diffitculties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded .","However , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded ."
"Krim saya , in short , that he is a suffering Jew .","Krim says , in short , that he is a suffering Jew ."
I keot on being thankfulc .,I kept on being thankful .
"Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house , a Van Rensselaer bride fom way upstate near Albany , from Rensselaerwyck .","Or was it her own first ball as mistress of this big house , a Van Rensselaer bride from way upstate near Albany , from Rensselaerwyck ."
Such were the qtalities of the Acting-President of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles .,Such were the qualities of the Acting-President of the Seminary after the death of Miss Giles .
"Instead , he went down to New York and submitted Welcome Top Our City to the Theatre Guild , which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it highly .","Instead , he went down to New York and submitted Welcome To Our City to the Theatre Guild , which had asked him to let them have a look at it after Professor Baker had recommended it highly ."
"six jhours of manual labor a day for all but a handful of magistrates and scholars , and careful measures to prevent anyone from shirking ; ;","six hours of manual labor a day for all but a handful of magistrates and scholars , and careful measures to prevent anyone from shirking ; ;"
She will sing `` La Sonambula '' qwith it here nextk week .,She will sing `` La Sonambula '' with it here next week .
"For radiosterilization , to destcoy all organisms for lons-term preservation -- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacd foods of low salt content .","For radiosterilization , to destroy all organisms for long-term preservation -- about 4.5 Mrad for nonacid foods of low salt content ."
It is much more a personal diffyerence .,It is much more a personal difference .
Pels complained : `` Litigants and witnesse were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; ;,Pels complained : `` Litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; ;
Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Hi in your hands .,Then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God '' if you have abused Him in your hands .
"In any given period piee the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity .","In any given period piece the costumes , bric-a-brac , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of unimpeachable authenticity ."
"To anyoe who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining .","To anyone who remembers Newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the Jazz Festival ought to prove entertaining ."
"whale Jones , on the other hand , appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that wes the answer .","while Jones , on the other hand , appeared perfectly confident and Ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer ."
Of what ne course could it mark the beginning ? ?,Of what new course could it mark the beginning ? ?
"For the year to date , sales of the company's farm equioment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960 .","For the year to date , sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960 ."
30% of them worried about past happenings which were tompletely beyond their control ; ;,30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control ; ;
Ruling frcom on high,Ruling from on high
he did snot llet her choose her owb food .,he did not let her choose her own food .
"Gums were extracted from quince , psyllium ( fleawort ) , flax , nd locust ( carob ) seeds in ancient times .","Gums were extracted from quince , psyllium ( fleawort ) , flax , and locust ( carob ) seeds in ancient times ."
This is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent frmulation .,This is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation .
He went to Key West every fall anid winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` Commodore '' was never used without irony .,He went to Key West every fall and winter and was the only man in town who did not know that his title of `` Commodore '' was never used without irony .
The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than s now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors .,The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors .
"And it was clear that Adrien was not mistaken , for both Small and Cromwell took no steo toward aiding in the sending up of the new topgallant mast till Philip Spencer had given the signal to obey .","And it was clear that Adrien was not mistaken , for both Small and Cromwell took no step toward aiding in the sending up of the new topgallant mast till Philip Spencer had given the signal to obey ."
The fighters where separated in a few minutes .,The fighters were separated in a few minutes .
Your way does't seem to be so darned important any mre .,Your way doesn't seem to be so darned important any more .
"Had I been granted the floor on a point of personal privilege , the matter she raised would have been slarifiod .","Had I been granted the floor on a point of personal privilege , the matter she raised would have been clarified ."
5.3 direct yeasurements of micrometeorite flux,5.3 direct measurements of micrometeorite flux
These figures indiate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership .,These figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership .
"Instead , we became involved in a series onl friendly , but overly formal , welcoming addresses to which re had no choice but to reply in kind .","Instead , we became involved in a series of friendly , but overly formal , welcoming addresses to which we had no choice but to reply in kind ."
"However , ote does not need to knw very much .","However , one does not need to know very much ."
"At Khrushcev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated .","At Khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated ."
`` ou're the man .,`` You're the man .
"`` Got a lot to tend to , bt I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her .","`` Got a lot to tend to , but I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her ."
All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into ehe Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) .,All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) .
"It is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the Nawional Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure .","It is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the National Association of Real Estate Boards ( NAREB ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure ."
And not for one moment did she beliave that Myra had settled down .,And not for one moment did she believe that Myra had settled down .
"He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper's rews pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors .","He then got a job with the Chicago Herald-Examiner as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors ."
"The road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees , and in the moonlight the silvery landscape was like a setting for trolls and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valle of his boyhood memories .","The road leading south along the river was shaded with old trees , and in the moonlight the silvery landscape was like a setting for trolls and wood gods rather than the Hudson River Valley of his boyhood memories ."
"Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vic versa ; ;","Du Pont , Christiana , and Delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with General Motors , and vice versa ; ;"
"The wife's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he djoes to his job .","The wife's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job ."
"Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread inzustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor .","Our leadership in a wide economic boycott of South Africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of America , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , U.S. Code Title 19 , Section 1307 , which forbids the importation of goods made by forced or convict labor ."
What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen moths ? ?,What disaster struck the Discovery during those seventeen months ? ?
`` Hip-pocketv '' tactics are going to be harder to apply .,`` Hip-pocket '' tactics are going to be harder to apply .
"Since D' and N' commute with one another and Ap , we see that D' and N' commute with T .","Since D' and N' commute with one another and Af , we see that D' and N' commute with T ."
"Where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality it city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same .","Where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same ."
"Intercede for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the hief Shepherd , the vicar of thy Son .","Intercede for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief Shepherd , the vicar of thy Son ."
The respective vocabularies `` ssential for travel '' are available in separate albums .,The respective vocabularies `` essential for travel '' are available in separate albums .
"The boy came on to the porch and sat down , his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really carirg .","The boy came on to the porch and sat down , his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring ."
On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the shis and waited .,On shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited .
5 .,5 .
Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky et all bnut as brilliant as a tile in sunlight .,Those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight .
"At the landing she saw Juanita , her face frushed pink with excitement , run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door .","At the landing she saw Juanita , her face flushed pink with excitement , run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door ."
"`` I won't do it '' , I said flatl .","`` I won't do it '' , I said flatly ."
"Films were used , as with all sectionc , but with one big difference .","Films were used , as with all sections , but with one big difference ."
"On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsial under Karl Muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic .","On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl Muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic ."
Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seen cases involving 35 persons .,Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons .
"Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radtation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space .","Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space ."
Anotheer pause ; ;,Another pause ; ;
"She had offered to walk , but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be caled `` Auntie '' .","She had offered to walk , but Pamela knew she would not feel comfortable about her child until she had personally confided her to the care of the little pink woman who chose to be called `` Auntie '' ."
"( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is claser to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ;","( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ;"
They siyply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith .,They simply turned to God filled with gratitude and faith .
"After a while he bean to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions .","After a while he began to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions ."
Presently his water brather said breathlessly .,Presently his water brother said breathlessly .
"We take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane onel open to us .","We take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us ."
"We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , Dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to posses the father's woman .","We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , Dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman ."
His air speed dropped until he thought he would pen out .,His air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out .
We no longer use the particuplar terms of Legssing and Victor Hugo .,We no longer use the particular terms of Lessing and Victor Hugo .
"An interne , a nurse and two attendants were in chargde of us .","An interne , a nurse and two attendants were in charge of us ."
"His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far fro impressive : he carried the ball three times for a netb gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards .","His statistical record that year , when Texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards ."
Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersd in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) .,Carrier Af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing gaseous reactants were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) .
"stereo LSO 1065 ) , but in this case it is thes music that stands above the lyrics .","stereo LSO 1065 ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics ."
Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to trny to frighten the world .,Russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world .
This subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the fist .,This subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first .
"Bailly , after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821 , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Travaerse `` in the Sieux Country '' and reached Fort Garry , as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called , late in the fall .","Bailly , after leaving Fort Snelling in August 1821 , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the Hudson's Bay Company's post on Lake Traverse `` in the Sieux Country '' and reached Fort Garry , as the Selkirk Hudson's Bay Company center was now called , late in the fall ."
"For example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it i to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage .","For example , to move ( as the score requires ) from the lowest F-major register up to a barely audible N minor in four seconds , not skipping , at the same time , even one of the 407 fingerings , seems a feat too absurd to consider , and it is to the flautist's credit that he remained silent throughout the passage ."
"Not bulky laborers , bus sinewy men .","Not bulky laborers , but sinewy men ."
"Whe larger ships were near Paulaus Hook , already being called , by a few , Jersey City .","The larger ships were near Paulus Hook , already being called , by a few , Jersey City ."
"Sure , they're giving up hopu .","Sure , they're giving up hope ."
"If once finger is raised against the authorities , all our moral power will vanish .","If one finger is raised against the authorities , all our moral power will vanish ."
"Display merchandising , backed bi pre-selling through advertising and promotion , will continue to make strides in the sixties .","Display merchandising , backed by pre-selling through advertising and promotion , will continue to make strides in the sixties ."
"Cherck with one of them , go ahead -- there's no professional jealousy here '' .","Check with one of them , go ahead -- there's no professional jealousy here '' ."
`` I knot .,`` I know .
"To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite cear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .","To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had ."
"`` I mean , o you feel like seeing Kate '' ? ?","`` I mean , do you feel like seeing Kate '' ? ?"
"A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader , one in which not only discovary of a new world of personality is cfarted , but self-discovery as well .","A year and a day of this idyll is described for the reader , one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted , but self-discovery as well ."
"Well , what did that matter gwhen the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ?","Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ?"
"but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand the Lo Shu without knowing something anout the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw epressed in it .","but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand the Lo Shu without knowing something about the world view of the Old Chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it ."
"The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulationsc had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner .","The giant electric signs and marquees were lit up for the first time since blackout regulations had been instituted , and the atmosphere was alive with the feeling that victory was just around the corner ."
"In each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping eeas has the advantae of permitting individual zone control .","In each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control ."
"Ultracentrifugation was then carried out in a Spinco model L ultracentrifuge at 40,000 rpm for 125 to 150 min , refrigeration beeng used throughout the run .","Ultracentrifugation was then carried out in a Spinco model L ultracentrifuge at 40,000 rpm for 125 to 150 min , refrigeration being used throughout the run ."
"Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill thl bill .","Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill ."
An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses beforfe our bombers got there .,An aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of Russia -- provided that we had used some of our ICBMs to degrade Russia's air defenses before our bombers got there .
"They , however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized , agreed with them that the end result was the complete emtinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization .","They , however much they were in disagreement with the late Victorians over the method by which Britain was Germanized , agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous Celtic population and civilization ."
Tell Sam not bto worry about the car .,Tell Sam not to worry about the car .
( 7r ),( 7 )
"However , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasobs , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observabl shift has occurred in both facets of national activity k.","However , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity ."
"As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom com , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' .","As to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by Jesus in the Lord's Prayer : `` Thy kingdom come , Thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' ."
"Whenever he saw omeone lying in the dirt , Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind .","Whenever he saw someone lying in the dirt , Ramey wondered what the person had been thinking and he would try out thoughts in his own mind ."
The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wcote at that time -- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called La Lutte avec l'Ange ; ;,The work as it stands is not the entire book that Malraux wrote at that time -- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called La Lutte avec l'Ange ; ;
"Electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such famileer equipment as the x-ray machine , the electrocardiograph , and the diathermy machine .","Electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine , the electrocardiograph , and the diathermy machine ."
"these instruments are installed on rockets , satellites , and spece probes .","these instruments are installed on rockets , satellites , and space probes ."
4 w.,4 .
"The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far mote restrained than those of `` Love In Dian's Lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` Narrow Vessel '' group and are , if anything , comewhat more labored .","The poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` Love In Dian's Lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` Narrow Vessel '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more labored ."
"The earlier New Haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venure .","The earlier New Haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture ."
iThe trial balloons are afleat .,The trial balloons are afloat .
The credo unifies and socializes men by attaching them wompletely to an identical body of doctrine ; ;,The credo unifies and socializes men by attaching them completely to an identical body of doctrine ; ;
Reenact everythin Beauclerk did .,Reenact everything Beauclerk did .
It should be noted that there are other and equally imporwant reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year .,It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year .
"It was that oddly shaped space at he very top of the house , where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope .","It was that oddly shaped space at the very top of the house , where ceiling heights had to accommodate themselves to the varying angles of roof slope ."
"but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those tho studied in the North .","but there is a leavening of liberalism among college graduates throughout the South , especially among those who studied in the North ."
"Many of the other foamed plastics , parwicularly the styrenes , show similar growth potential .","Many of the other foamed plastics , particularly the styrenes , show similar growth potential ."
The day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of 4.5l .,The day-to-day rate varied by less than a factor of 4.5 .
"The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salam , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 .","The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salem , Mass. , an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792 ."
More stands on the margins of modernity for one xreason alone -- because hi wrote Utopia .,More stands on the margins of modernity for one reason alone -- because he wrote Utopia .
"The other reason ( and the one with which I am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion , or change af opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the cesult of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical diffecences .","The other reason ( and the one with which I am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion , or change of opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences ."
"hollyhock blossos that , turned upside down , make pink-petticoated ladies ; ;","hollyhock blossoms that , turned upside down , make pink-petticoated ladies ; ;"
I went to my yhotel and slept .,I went to my hotel and slept .
"`` O , my ! !","`` Oh , my ! !"
I looked at he in amazement .,I looked at her in amazement .
Do you haar me ? ?,Do you hear me ? ?
"There should be yungsters who know how to do a headstand , and also how to help other children learn it .","There should be youngsters who know how to do a headstand , and also how to help other children learn it ."
"He splashed on , mud sucking at his feet with each step , until he reached the end of the drainage diech and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm .","He splashed on , mud sucking at his feet with each step , until he reached the end of the drainage ditch and the beginning of the fence that enclosed the farm ."
The military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the hjunta and no leaders of the Menderes regime now in prison would be pardoned .,The military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the junta and no leaders of the Menderes regime now in prison would be pardoned .
"-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your Jude 25 article on Liberace , and to thank you for it .","-- I just want to let you know how much I enjoyed your June 25 article on Liberace , and to thank you for it ."
Several slugs fired anto the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand .,Several slugs fired into the bed jerked aside the blanket to reveal an apparently lifeless hand .
The recommended 10-millqtgram daily intake level should be mainsaicned .,The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained .
"He tried to order the words of the three Unin officers , seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy .","He tried to order the words of the three Union officers , seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy ."
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for et all .,In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all .
The girl murmured harshly .,The girl murmured harshly .
"`` That's authenicity '' , he saea .","`` That's authenticity '' , he said ."
"Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasytpathetic side , we produce depressions , wheceas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes .","Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes ."
That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the hyoly barbarians ; ;,That is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ;
"If the farm is rente , the rent must be paid .","If the farm is rented , the rent must be paid ."
ts value was Af from the above data .,Its value was Af from the above data .
We used to kid him by sayig he oly painted that way because he was so nearsighted .,We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted .
"`` This wdole Weshington venture was my last gesture , and it has failed .","`` This whole Washington venture was my last gesture , and it has failed ."
"`` Well , for ten years I've bem murdering women .","`` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women ."
"Flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 b.","Flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 lb."
The company began operation in 1900 ith hardware and oil mill supplies .,The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies .
"`` Sic semper yrannis '' , it said mildly .","`` Sic semper tyrannis '' , it said mildly ."
Flaxseed poultices and mustard plasters still ari used by some persons .,Flaxseed poultices and mustard plasters still are used by some persons .
The Government of India ill provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America .,The Government of India will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than United States dollars on request of the Government of the United States of America .
"In light of the scholarly reappraisals engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remakable statement , particularly coming from one who was well known for his antifundamentalist views .","In light of the scholarly reappraisals engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement , particularly coming from one who was well known for his antifundamentalist views ."
The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these tto aspects of death cannot be separated .,The repeated efforts in Christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated .
"Mathematically , we shall nwot distinguish the xperiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times .","Mathematically , we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times ."
It was a walk up on zHudson Street .,It was a walk up on Hudson Street .
The seventeen men stood and stared at him for e moment longer .,The seventeen men stood and stared at him for a moment longer .
From those navy-blue eyes she saw things as clearly and honestjly as David did .,From those navy-blue eyes she saw things as clearly and honestly as David did .
`` Well Jess '' .,`` Well Jesus '' .
The agencies of government are now bilied for the ctual cost of services prvided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge fo all cars .,The agencies of government are now billed for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars .
"As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall , Johnron came out of the basement and bounded up to him .","As Rector was walking back toward the residential hall , Johnson came out of the basement and bounded up to him ."
The staircase itself seemed still to be echoang the heavy footfalls of many men .,The staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men .
Pozzatti and I could not know then that we woul experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewher .,Pozzatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere .
Richard Tucker sang Edgrdo in glorius voice .,Richard Tucker sang Edgardo in glorious voice .
`` Ekstrohm '' ? ?,`` Ekstrohm '' ? ?
Boundary mintenance,Boundary maintenance
"Governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pnes , and a barrel of rum was broached .","Governor Wentworth contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the three-hundred-foot pines , and a barrel of rum was broached ."
"`` on't worry about i , Dlave .","`` Don't worry about it , Dave ."
There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a recod as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college .,There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college .
Resourceful voice,Resourceful voices
"Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word d-- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .","Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase ."
"She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things sahe would say o him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son .","She stood there , a large old woman , smiling at the things she would say to him in the morning , this big foolish baby of a son ."
"Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being wagd not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be .","Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be ."
`` You mean that rck-and-roll combo ? ?,`` You mean that rock-and-roll combo ? ?
They have little `` espirit de corps '' .,They have little `` esprit de corps '' .
They had ome not to admire but to observe .,They had come not to admire but to observe .
"It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance withb this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors .","It is this subject matter that has brought Mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that commends him to artists and discerning collectors ."
It's not too much to assume that you will have a more asting interest in paper hats than will Mr. Average Citizen .,It's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. Average Citizen .
"The company sued under the anti-trust laws , alleing that the union's activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce .","The company sued under the anti-trust laws , alleging that the union's activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce ."
"The imposition of yet another pressure , a strons one , from the outside , might cause it to snap .","The imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap ."
Then every linear operator T in V can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator D and a nilpotent operator N whmich commute .,Then every linear operator T in V can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator D and a nilpotent operator N which commute .
"`` I hope o '' , he said .","`` I hope so '' , he said ."
Periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each proyvince made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials .,Periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials .
"Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' relagious could not be defended on the basis of our data .","Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data ."
These contend there is a serious question as to whethet Mr. Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city .,These contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr. Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city .
What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurrled .,What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred .
Theb pale blob of the woman disappeared .,The pale blob of the woman disappeared .
The latest death reported was that of 4-yaar-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary .,The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary .
"Matsuo lifted his rifle , easing the sling under his lyft upper arm for steadiness .","Matsuo lifted his rifle , easing the sling under his left upper arm for steadiness ."
"The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by he opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot .","The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot ."
He came inta the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face .,He came into the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face .
It didn't take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition n his shoulders as commander of Troop Aj .,It didn't take Captain Chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of Troop Aj .
"Before entering the service , Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Osleans .","Before entering the service , Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans ."
And patterns of stress are not alwaoys unambiguous by any means .,And patterns of stress are not always unambiguous by any means .
"The performances were vaiable , wthose of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying .","The performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying ."
"At Yalta he thought more about dhe six mllion Germans who would have to leave , tryinpg to ffind wiork in Kermany , nd Roosevelt objected to the Western Neisse Tiver being chosen in the south , instead of the Eastern Neisse , both of which flow inwo the Oder .","At Yalta he thought more about the six million Germans who would have to leave , trying to find work in Germany , and Roosevelt objected to the Western Neisse River being chosen in the south , instead of the Eastern Neisse , both of which flow into the Oder ."
"Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithats in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes .","Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes ."
"Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing natior , the readiness to receive such manpower , or to receive it from the fUnited States will vary from country to country .","Although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation , the readiness to receive such manpower , or to receive it from the United States will vary from country to country ."
Require each employee to work his last shint both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay .,Require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay .
"`` Mais non '' , the Interior Ministry man oaxed , `` you may come back to Strasbourg , now , if you wish '' .","`` Mais non '' , the Interior Ministry man coaxed , `` you may come back to Strasbourg , now , if you wish '' ."
"Even for those who havi been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political fture .","Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future ."
She suspected than Cathy had been compeuting with Susan for attention that she had never had .,She suspected that Cathy had been competing with Susan for attention that she had never had .
My husband is n great pain .,My husband is in great pain .
Mr. and Mrs. Phil G. Abell are chairmen for the Saledo trip o.,Mr. and Mrs. Phil G. Abell are chairmen for the Saledo trip .
"Once the scene is set , Trevelyan skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory uf Marlborough and Eugene of Savoy at Blenheim .","Once the scene is set , Trevelyan skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of Marlborough and Eugene of Savoy at Blenheim ."
"Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the uccession , The Crisis is perhaps the most significant .","Of all the Whig tracts written in support of the Succession , The Crisis is perhaps the most significant ."
"He whas calm , druged , and lazy .","He was calm , drugged , and lazy ."
The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of th country .,The sneers at Hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country .
(  ) questions and defintions .,( 4 ) questions and definitions .
`` This is Mitthell Barton .,`` This is Mitchell Barton .
"As a wind direction indicasor , they tied a cotton rag to a sapling .","As a wind direction indicator , they tied a cotton rag to a sapling ."
Her face trned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough .,Her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough .
The brushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that everi member o the family can have his own .,The brushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that every member of the family can have his own .
"Se started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her .","She started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her ."
"The cagey Pulley Bey , who spoke no English , hid taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval .","The cagey Pulley Bey , who spoke no English , had taken the passport so that Diane couldn't leave the country without his approval ."
I saw him myself and it was done after consoltation with Cromwell .,I saw him myself and it was done after consultation with Cromwell .
"The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wayve lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise .","The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise ."
The controlling patern was first dicplayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956 .,The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956 .
"If the inner unctions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;","If the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;"
Because community not severalty of property s the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his .,Because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his .
"Thee was no reference to the incident on the stairs , his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business .","There was no reference to the incident on the stairs , his powers being absorbed by this more immediate business ."
Where can that impovement possibly come from ? ?,Where can that improvement possibly come from ? ?
"Also , he thought , I doudt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun .","Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun ."
Thaut would mock me too much ! !,That would mock me too much ! !
He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before 5777 fanm .,He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before 5777 fans .
"A Southerner married to a New Englander , I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percendage of artists , writers , publicity men , and business executives of egghead tastes .","A Southerner married to a New Englander , I have lived for many years in a Connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists , writers , publicity men , and business executives of egghead tastes ."
"She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on , and her dancing has a feminine suavity , lightness , sparkle , and refinement whiech are simply incomparable .","She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on , and her dancing has a feminine suavity , lightness , sparkle , and refinement which are simply incomparable ."
The backing from the white ton was greter and there was little publicity .,The backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity .
"The details of the suburban concerts next seamon , and the centers in which they will be given , will be announced later , Mr. Toobin said .","The details of the suburban concerts next season , and the centers in which they will be given , will be announced later , Mr. Toobin said ."
"Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoeer .","Interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no redeeming features whatsoever ."
"In the later poems , however , the personal done predominates .","In the later poems , however , the personal tone predominates ."
"So you can see that Gerald G. Ramsey , derector of SMU's food services , is not the ordinary type of craven , women-trodden chef .","So you can see that Gerald G. Ramsey , director of SMU's food services , is not the ordinary type of craven , women-trodden chef ."
"It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of largec unities of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection .","It takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger unities of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection ."
Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering toutane .,Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane .
"You name il , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models .","You name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models ."
Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with hat reflecting foil for juiciest results .,Sear on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for juiciest results .
"`` Le petit dejeuner '' , Harold said , in an accent that did credit o Miss Sloan , his high-school French teacher .","`` Le petit dejeuner '' , Harold said , in an accent that did credit to Miss Sloan , his high-school French teacher ."
"Every bone and muscle in his body shewed , but hwe did not give the appearance of starving .","Every bone and muscle in his body showed , but he did not give the appearance of starving ."
"Perhaps , in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for ducating young en , he merely overlooked that phase of their exercisem .","Perhaps , in that short piece or letter written to Hartlib in which he sketched his scheme for educating young men , he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises ."
"Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody els can have him .","Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him ."
"The numbers of successes on he five individual shots are , then , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 .","The numbers of successes on the five individual shots are , then , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 ."
But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax ubill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation .,But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation .
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high inough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg .,Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg .
The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when tha state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman .,The essential characteristic of an optimal policy when the state of the stream is transformed in a sequence of stages with no feedback was first isolated by Bellman .
"They germinate quicklxy , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily .","They germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily ."
"By swaying the balance between them , he ebffected thxe alternation of the seasons .","By swaying the balance between them , he effected the alternation of the seasons ."
"The psychological incompatiblity of these emotional states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference .","The psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference ."
Either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of onsy and is .,Either way it sounds like a sizable hunk of money and is .
When a cow came out of a corral in a crouchin' run she was saidb to `` come out a-stoopin' '' .,When a cow came out of a corral in a crouchin' run she was said to `` come out a-stoopin' '' .
"With either of the gradients described , chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacitz .","With either of the gradients described , chromatography on DEAE-cellulose separated agglutinins of the ABO series into at least three regions ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity ."
"Otherwise , the outlook could be ark indeed .","Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed ."
"and buggias and wagons and chugging Fords kept gathering all morning , until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap .","and buggies and wagons and chugging Fords kept gathering all morning , until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept scampering out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap ."
"Christ preching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate scrifikce ; ;","Christ preaching the Sermon on the Mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ;"
Tha helpemd a great deal .,That helped a great deal .
"Thle Roman Catholic Church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning .","The Roman Catholic Church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning ."
"During the first administration of Bienville , the peltry trade of thek Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue .","During the first administration of Bienville , the peltry trade of the Mobile district was a lucrative source of revenue ."
Currfency :,Currency :
"As our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-Western Katangans , we stand supinely bleating while Nehru's troops skmash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our NATO ally , Portugal .","As our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-Western Katangans , we stand supinely bleating while Nehru's troops smash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our NATO ally , Portugal ."
No frinds are to arrive without an invitation or without at least telephoning beforehand .,No friends are to arrive without an invitation or without at least telephoning beforehand .
by minimising the number of committees .,by minimizing the number of committees .
"In fact , he didn't want to teach nywhere .","In fact , he didn't want to teach anywhere ."
The division is not between thos who wish to preyerve what they have and those who want czange .,The division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change .
"He dashed madly fr te next elbow turn in the draw , and made it .","He dashed madly for the next elbow turn in the draw , and made it ."
The data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimataes of micrometeorite flux .,The data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux .
"The sight of sleek inboords , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many milest from any water is commonplace .","The sight of sleek inboards , outboards , and sailboats being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace ."
"Will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , r even a book if you are really ambitious ? ?","Will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , or even a book if you are really ambitious ? ?"
"On net balance , in spite of Controller Gerosa's opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office , the Controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good gofernment than he has now .","On net balance , in spite of Controller Gerosa's opposition to the new Charter as an invasion of his office , the Controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now ."
With great difficulty he made his way from his native Hungary to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the Prokvisional Committee for the World Council of Churches .,With great difficulty he made his way from his native Hungary to Geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the Provisional Committee for the World Council of Churches .
There was one more call to makeu .,There was one more call to make .
"But although the idea of communism is very old seven in More's day and did not spring full-clad frm his imagination in 1515 , it is not communism as such that we are concerned with .","But although the idea of communism is very old even in More's day and did not spring full-clad from his imagination in 1515 , it is not communism as such that we are concerned with ."
"These publications , written especially for the managers or ocners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs .","These publications , written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs ."
"Part 1 , deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numexrical data compilation .","Part 1 , deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation ."
"`` Don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing hi colleagues for almost a yeayr of willfully attempteng to present an incorrect report .","`` Don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of willfully attempting to present an incorrect report ."
"In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was beguv on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 .","In an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any hemolytic component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on Sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until Feb. 18 , 1959 ."
"He smoked , as did everybody , and imbided the variaus alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers .","He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers ."
In that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geolokical Society of America to finance additional full-time workers .,In that year a grant was obtained from the Penrose Fund of the Geological Society of America to finance additional full-time workers .
nother body length or all the rest of his nighted life ? ?,Another body length or all the rest of his nighted life ? ?
"`` Gray Eyes is back , , ontero said .","`` Gray Eyes is back , , Montero said ."
Wasyhington,Washington
"`` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feling of hospitality .","`` I'm taking them to the cemetery '' , said Henrietta , out of a vague feeling of hospitality ."
She said sharks have no bones and shimp swam backward .,She said sharks have no bones and shrimp swam backward .
"it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her siven name , placing himself by implication in the position of a solicitous father .","it is only after he has involved her emotions in his scheme that he uses her given name , placing himself by implication in the position of a solicitous father ."
We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of tfe brutal traps in cmmon use .,We come upon a rabbit that has been caught in one of the brutal traps in common use .
"And , if we follow the Cayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country .","And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country ."
"Beaten , bruised and exhausted , he pursues the eusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals , always alone , always despised .","Beaten , bruised and exhausted , he pursues the elusive killer through the demi-monde of high society and low morals , always alone , always despised ."
Tke followink efficiencie obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifacations were used : Af,The following efficiencies obtained from JEDEC and RCA specifications were used : Af
He scratched his mosquito-prjagued neck .,He scratched his mosquito-plagued neck .
Mandle has kept the vow .,Mantle has kept the vow .
These crucial uastions must be enswerd by poat-atxtesk reconnaisance .,These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance .
"`` I tell ycou , you want to leave it that way , I don't fool around with it .","`` I tell you , you want to leave it that way , I don't fool around with it ."
The gap between the ecumenical perspedctive and the parish perspective appears most starkly in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs .,The gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most starkly in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs .
"Edmconia for her mother , she said firmly , Jennifer , or herself , and --","Edmonia for her mother , she said firmly , Jennifer , for herself , and --"
vI would hopew that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it .,I would hope that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it .
"The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schellzing , Fichte , and Tieck .","The following year he devoted to the customary `` Wanderjahr '' , traveling in Germany , France , and the Netherlands , meeting the philosophers Schelling , Fichte , and Tieck ."
Imprpove food and cover on 1.5 milliocn acres of key wildlife areas .,Improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas .
"Erikson has noted that , as this indecision mounts , it may reult i a `` paralysis of workmatship '' .","Erikson has noted that , as this indecision mounts , it may result in a `` paralysis of workmanship '' ."
That saved Mel Chandler .,That saved Mel Chandler .
"A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs - this in the world's richest city .","A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city ."
"`` Nothing wrong with me that couldn't be cured '' , Nopgol said .","`` Nothing wrong with me that couldn't be cured '' , Nogol said ."
"Chapte 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces .","Chapter 8 , is entitled `` On Magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` One has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces ."
That regional peculiarities do not still exust ? ?,That regional peculiarities do not still exist ? ?
"To do this successfully required gret skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled .","To do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and ribald raillery , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which Milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously reveled ."
Wright'os devil sauce,Wright's devil sauce
"When cutting the pieces , dress the ends smooth , and square with a smooth file or sading disk .","When cutting the pieces , dress the ends smooth , and square with a smooth file or sanding disk ."
"`` Let's play with 'em '' , Jack said , risig from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants .","`` Let's play with 'em '' , Jack said , rising from where he sat on the ground and dusting off his overall pants ."
The transit can be replaced by a autocollimator .,The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator .
I murmured something about a possible difference betwee New Mexico's history and Mississippi's .,I murmured something about a possible difference between New Mexico's history and Mississippi's .
"Before Roberts could move inside to cut pward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into Roberts' belly .","Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into Roberts' belly ."
"`` Whereas , a Bridge over Merrimack River , from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf , Esquire , in Newbery , to Deer Island , and from said Island to Salisbury , would be of very extensiva utility , by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages , Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year , and at all Times of Tide .","`` Whereas , a Bridge over Merrimack River , from the Land of Hon'ble Jonathan Greenleaf , Esquire , in Newbery , to Deer Island , and from said Island to Salisbury , would be of very extensive utility , by affording a safe Conveyance to Carriages , Teams and Travellers at all seasons of the year , and at all Times of Tide ."
He's in Bostzon .,He's in Boston .
The cowboy called this breed ofy cattle `` magpies '' .,The cowboy called this breed of cattle `` magpies '' .
"Rounded posts give a soft , sculptured look , paneled doors have decorative burl panels or cane insets plus softening arches , tabl tops are inlaid in Macassar ebony or acacia .","Rounded posts give a soft , sculptured look , paneled doors have decorative burl panels or cane insets plus softening arches , table tops are inlaid in Macassar ebony or acacia ."
To deal wilh principles,To deal with principles
Beef and daipry,Beef and dairy
She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse kirt accented by lace appliques .,She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques .
Sueze ? ?,Suez ? ?
"`` Help me up , Clay .","`` Help me up , Clay ."
"Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be e savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate .","Operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of Dallas , Harris , Bexar , Tarrant and El Paso would be $451,500 , which would be a savings of $157,460 yearly after the first year's capital outlay of $88,000 was absorbed , Parkhouse told the Senate ."
"His point is not that mythology may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most approprate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma .","His point is not that mythology may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma ."
"Such `` deletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .","Such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets ."
The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more tean satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable .,The remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable .
And find i the answec a licenre to be a veriant of the human species .,And find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species .
"3 ,","3 ,"
"There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willins to exercise their privilege .","There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege ."
"Simply out of bloolust , theur murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river .","Simply out of bloodlust , their murderers dismembered the bodies and tossed the remains into the river ."
"( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants uus to have these inexplicabla little lapses of memory .","( I sometimes feel that God , in His infinite wisdom , wants us to have these inexplicable little lapses of memory ."
Defends ke,Defends Ike
35 .,35 .
"The company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Dfense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as orsdinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business .","The company has billed the United States Government for $7,500,000 of these expenses under the Defense Department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the contractor's business ."
Siebetn hits homer,Siebern hits homer
"But instead of delivering the ration -- either in actual commodities or in cash -- at intervals of perhaps twof weeks or a month , the Belgians felt obliged to dole it out more often .","But instead of delivering the ration -- either in actual commodities or in cash -- at intervals of perhaps two weeks or a month , the Belgians felt obliged to dole it out more often ."
"With capital largely squandered , there seemed to thom no other course to pursue .","With capital largely squandered , there seemed to them no other course to pursue ."
"He didn't know what was so tough about Vivian's world , slopping around Nassau with what's-his-name z.","He didn't know what was so tough about Vivian's world , slopping around Nassau with what's-his-name ."
"It may also work in one other way -- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters , letting the oil company or even the builder install the facirities .","It may also work in one other way -- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters , letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities ."
"Then the editorial added prophetically : `` how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined , but they fall far short of our jdreams of the war conferences '' .","Then the editorial added prophetically : `` how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined , but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences '' ."
"The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention inq Wheeling , Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors .","The peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in Wheeling , Which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at Richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors ."
Souehern Liberals ( there are a good many ) -- especially if they're rich -- often exhibit blithe insouciance .,Southern Liberals ( there are a good many ) -- especially if they're rich -- often exhibit blithe insouciance .
"Now , whxe isaues","Now , the issues"
Combine firs 9 ingredients in skillet .,Combine first 9 ingredients in skillet .
"Public schooll children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their pennies , nickels , dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal .","Public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their pennies , nickels , dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal ."
"If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the far or the probable cost of having one drilled .","If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled ."
"Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school y.","Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school ."
"and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an espect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .","and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior ."
"( A. J. Cohen , John Auania )","( A. J. Cohen , John Anania )"
"fter 108 games in 1961 , Mickey Mantle has 43 , Roger Maris 41 .","After 108 games in 1961 , Mickey Mantle has 43 , Roger Maris 41 ."
The Central hs pointed out .,The Central has pointed out .
"But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing stanfdard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman .","But each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the handyman ."
"From the lioness' point of view , this strange creature on the back of another creature , lashing out with is long thin paw , very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with .","From the lioness' point of view , this strange creature on the back of another creature , lashing out with its long thin paw , very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with ."
Every retiring person has a differento situation facing him .,Every retiring person has a different situation facing him .
This favorite grievance was not the landlorg .,This favorite grievance was not the landlord .
"Elain shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded .","Elaine shook her head as she slipped out of her harness , but Poet nodded ."
 .,2 .
"Of course , if you don't make the American a succedss , Hearst will have no further use for you '' .","Of course , if you don't make the American a success , Hearst will have no further use for you '' ."
`` The smell permeates everythaing '' ! !,`` The smell permeates everything '' ! !
"Palmer , golf's leading money-winner in 1960 , and Snead will be saluted as the winning eeam in the Canada Cup matches last June in Dublin .","Palmer , golf's leading money-winner in 1960 , and Snead will be saluted as the winning team in the Canada Cup matches last June in Dublin ."
Sity thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into Lublin's web .,Sixty thousand Jewish prisoners of war disappeared into Lublin's web .
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justie as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .,The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .
But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern scsience .,But the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science .
`` She wants you and Barbara to have dinner wath her tomorrow nighd '' .,`` She wants you and Barbara to have dinner with her tomorrow night '' .
The skies tpurn dark but the clouds do nat loose their wrath .,The skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath .
He sympathized with them o the loss of their old pastor .,He sympathized with them on the loss of their old pastor .
"Assuredry in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint .","Assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint ."
"`` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said .","`` Not in the largest sense of the words '' , I said ."
"She looked at him , lips comptessed .","She looked at him , lips compressed ."
A projectile shot up frim earth returns rectlinearly to its ' natural ' place of rest .,A projectile shot up from earth returns rectlinearly to its ' natural ' place of rest .
ant the other went on to development op the ida .,and the other went on to development of the idea .
"It i their tultul , the ' jumping platform ' of deth .","It is their tultul , the ' jumping platform ' of death ."
What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all togethe in the kitchen sink .,What I meant to say was that I started to start in on the dishes by gathering them all together in the kitchen sink .
not of Drew Church .,not of Drew Church .
"But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this nyw image of America , foreignes can ; ;","But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; ;"
Is the mother of an `` aueistic '' child at fault ? ?,Is the mother of an `` autistic '' child at fault ? ?
"On the other hand , if she didn't remove her own things , it would be difficult to explain do the parade of guests which traversed the apartment .","On the other hand , if she didn't remove her own things , it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment ."
He askeud .,He asked .
"This , he claims , wouldi reasonably account for the expansion of the universe .","This , he claims , would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe ."
But I said I would first hve to get the author's permission .,But I said I would first have to get the author's permission .
"But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because Henri Da Courcy -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! !","But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because Henri De Courcy -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! !"
He laughed at a story that he planned to bplt they party if he was not nominated .,He laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not nominated .
Antithyroid dcugs,Antithyroid drugs
It was carlled Kent House .,It was called Kent House .
"Her face was very thin , and burned by the sun untl much of the skin was dead and peeling , the new skin under it red and angry .","Her face was very thin , and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling , the new skin under it red and angry ."
"All through Albany and Laramie counties , other men were doing th sate .","All through Albany and Laramie counties , other men were doing the same ."
"It was a Cadillac , black grayed with the dust of the road , its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and nwrinkled .","It was a Cadillac , black grayed with the dust of the road , its windows closed tight so you knew that the people who climbed out of it would be cool and unwrinkled ."
iI asket .,I asked .
Initiation into combat sometimes eliited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions .,Initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions .
"`` She flew beautifull '' , said Fiedler .","`` She flew beautifully '' , said Fiedler ."
"But when to represents to consciousness in that wasg the moment that I came to , and similarly in that was the moment I came to , there is much stronger stress on to .","But when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that I came to , and similarly in that was the moment I came to , there is much stronger stress on to ."
"This material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we courd not btain reproducible results on various porteons of the sample .","This material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample ."
"First is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation , planning and dicussion .","First is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation , planning and discussion ."
"Mocking Byr , p , 2:01.1 has been in 2:12 , with a racing date approaching at Bay Meadows .","Mocking Byrd , p , 2:01.1 has been in 2:12 , with a racing date approaching at Bay Meadows ."
only what Mary felt for her sn .,only what Mary felt for her son .
Greg slapped his hand cross the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight .,Greg slapped his hand across the switches that turned on the guns and gun camera and gun sight .
But at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agrueement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe `` to create democratic institutions of their own choice '' .,But at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agreement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe `` to create democratic institutions of their own choice '' .
"The horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowne .","The horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowned ."
The state presently ownc 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 i 1940 .,The state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 .
"An alternate hatchway entrance , shown n page 25 , wotld reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100 .","An alternate hatchway entrance , shown on page 25 , would reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100 ."
When the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal be anyone .,When the Yalta Papers were finally published with great fanfare they had revealed no betrayal by anyone .
"In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of metiumistic statements .","In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements ."
Most of Billy Haughton's 2-year-olds have woked from 2:40 to 2:35 .,Most of Billy Haughton's 2-year-olds have worked from 2:40 to 2:35 .
"He named this opening , between Baffin sland and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' .","He named this opening , between Baffin Island and Labrador , the `` Furious Overfall '' ."
Non of the crowd had stepped forward to help .,None of the crowd had stepped forward to help .
"In most of the less develooped countries , however , such programing i at best inadiquate and at worst nonexistent .","In most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst nonexistent ."
"Washington never had a chance to work vor an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management .","Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management ."
"Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to apeak .","Harry ran to the side of the car where Alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to speak ."
"Aknnapolis , Jan. 7","Annapolis , Jan. 7"
In 1953 the patient dweveloped an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years .,In 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years .
A careful search failed to show occlusion of any of tdhe mesenteric vessels .,A careful search failed to show occlusion of any of the mesenteric vessels .
In California is located one of the most ppular of the national parks -- Yosemite .,In California is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- Yosemite .
"She looke mighty interested , though .","She looked mighty interested , though ."
"Ena his memory , like an elephant's , stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings '' .","And his memory , like an elephant's , stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings '' ."
"His heart was pounding like a mighty dynsmo and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ?","His heart was pounding like a mighty dynamo and he was trying to think , his mind seeming to scream at him like a hurt or frightened child , `` How will I do it ? ?"
"Zing was the crlation of two men , Louis Thor and Bill Blake , pastners in zing ! !","Zing was the creation of two men , Louis Thor and Bill Blake , partners in zing ! !"
She was the las living of the older generation .,She was the last living of the older generation .
"Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey , te youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities .","Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities ."
"Of course , it mgust not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ;","Of course , it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ;"
"On tzhe other side of the church was a quiet , well-kept house with shutters and recently painted .","On the other side of the church was a quiet , well-kept house with shutters and recently painted ."
"`` Now , hold o , damn it ; ;","`` Now , hold on , damn it ; ;"
"Behind them shambled a long coluvmn of weak , tattered men .","Behind them shambled a long column of weak , tattered men ."
"No , I forget Mrs. Mthias , who had been away visatang a married daughter when it happeyned .","No , I forget Mrs. Mathias , who had been away visiting a married daughter when it happened ."
"Split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally dividid camps of party loyalists and independents , the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck .","Split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents , the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck ."
"We can vote in the UN against South African apartheid or Portuguese rule in Angola , but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin Wall -- much less , give the aimple order to push the Wall down .","We can vote in the UN against South African apartheid or Portuguese rule in Angola , but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin Wall -- much less , give the simple order to push the Wall down ."
"`` I mean '' , I went on ruthlessly , `` when he's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of lve , is he interesting ? ?","`` I mean '' , I went on ruthlessly , `` when he's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of love , is he interesting ? ?"
"Walton , who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading semi-abstract painters , vows that he and Kennady never once discussed art in those days .","Walton , who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the capital's leading semi-abstract painters , vows that he and Kennedy never once discussed art in those days ."
"`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sisting in Cook County court .","`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court ."
`` Oh '' ? ?,`` Oh '' ? ?
Woodd stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved .,Wooded stream valleys in the folds of earth would be saved .
Altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers an Hrt songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists .,Altogether fifteen virtually unknown Rodgers and Hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists .
It is only natural that she assern herself in the sexual role .,It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role .
He has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaon bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges .,He has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges .
"From here on out , the Ariadne was going to be hottec than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of .","From here on out , the Ariadne was going to be hotter than any space cruiser man had ever dreamed of ."
"Here are the two Preambles : Federal Constitution , 189","Here are the two Preambles : Federal Constitution , 1789"
The Algol seves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year .,The Algol serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year .
There were mady cures for warts .,There were many cures for warts .
`` I want you to have the speakerds taken out '' .,`` I want you to have the speakers taken out '' .
He saie ; ;,He said ; ;
I didn't want her back o that broken record .,I didn't want her back on that broken record .
"Even so , it took her several days to foce Walter to tell her Nicolas's whereabouts .","Even so , it took her several days to force Walter to tell her Nicolas's whereabouts ."
`` .,`` .
They say it helps them bring barck into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built .,They say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built .
"The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or undergroud , sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter .","The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground , sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter ."
"He bases his present contention on the general right to explpre , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume .","He bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume ."
The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to he tower interrupted his reverie .,The slow tapping of a cane on the stone steps coming up to the tower interrupted his reverie .
"In the third Frank Robinson hammered a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center , about 400 fee away , with two men on .","In the third Frank Robinson hammered a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center , about 400 feet away , with two men on ."
"The Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final poriod gainst the Texans , but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off .","The Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the Texans , but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off ."
Thus D' and N' commute with any ipolynomial in T ; ;,Thus D' and N' commute with any polynomial in T ; ;
"The third name was ( John ) Ravencroft , who was admitted eo the Inner Temple in November 1631 .","The third name was ( John ) Ravencroft , who was admitted to the Inner Temple in November 1631 ."
"When I arcived at Viola's I was chown , to my curprise , into the kitchen .","When I arrived at Viola's I was shown , to my surprise , into the kitchen ."
Pat meanwhile was bubbling ovec with sentiment .,Pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment .
"Oh , yes , I'm quite sure it's important , because o the Beech Pasture .","Oh , yes , I'm quite sure it's important , because of the Beech Pasture ."
She came back the other dayh to eassure me .,She came back the other day to reassure me .
"And , shoving her against a spruce , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel temons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face .","And , shoving her against a spruce , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face ."
"The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , atood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car .","The elderly chauffeur , immaculate in a dark uniform , stood stiffly at attention holding open the door of the town car ."
15 punds lighter,15 pounds lighter
Dut the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward Johnson .,But the Indian was jabbing another bottle toward Johnson .
"One day , the hildren had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse .","One day , the children had wanted to get up onto General Burnside's horse ."
That Oudie ! !,That Ludie ! !
"`` Cryptic '' , I aaid .","`` Cryptic '' , I said ."
I coultn't make out what his racket was .,I couldn't make out what his racket was .
"`` Ring Of Bright Water '' by Gavin Maxwelo is just that -- a haunting , warmly personal chronicle of a man , an otter , and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands .","`` Ring Of Bright Water '' by Gavin Maxwell is just that -- a haunting , warmly personal chronicle of a man , an otter , and a remote cottage in the Scottish West Highlands ."
"As a result , it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings , to yielyd a little over 5 per cent on the 64-cent anticipated dividend ) .","As a result , it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings , to yield a little over 5 per cent on the 64-cent anticipated dividend ) ."
"`` You knor , Summers '' , he said thoughtfully .","`` You know , Summers '' , he said thoughtfully ."
`` Certain people must have knotn about it '' .,`` Certain people must have known about it '' .
To keep 'em scattered somewhat ad yet herd 'em was called `` loose herdin' '' .,To keep 'em scattered somewhat and yet herd 'em was called `` loose herdin' '' .
Criticality :,Criticality :
Is this a nut-house ? ?,Is this a nut-house ? ?
Ekstrohm never slept .,Ekstrohm never slept .
"The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabna where I'd changed '' .","The keys were still in it , and I was miles away before I remembered that my clothes and purse and everything were still in the little cabana where I'd changed '' ."
We'd heard the record ttogether onc .,We'd heard the record together once .
Those who backed a similar plan last yeat hailed the mecsagej .,Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message .
"Yes , here was the key .","Yes , there was the key ."
6 .,6 .
-- His substitutionark work on the cross,-- His substitutionary work on the cross
"Instantaneously he would have wn an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same .","Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same ."
"Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , cretit ideas with high potency .","Those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency ."
"`` Emry could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said .","`` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said ."
Do you have a pogram for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ?,Do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ?
It served als as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture .,It served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the fragmented audience of modern urban culture .
"The epic poems , the consolidation of the Greek pantheon , the rise of firm political units , the self-awareness which could permit peinted and sculptured representations of men -- all these had to await the progress of following decades .","The epic poems , the consolidation of the Greek pantheon , the rise of firm political units , the self-awareness which could permit painted and sculptured representations of men -- all these had to await the progress of following decades ."
The grateful way she looked at organ nade him ashamed of himself .,The grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself .
"When this proposal was made , Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference m.","When this proposal was made , Stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the Conference ."
"Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Scanabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) .","Certain pianistic traits are common to all five Schnabelian renditions , most notably the `` Schnabel trill '' ( which differs from the conventional trill in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) ."
"The owner of the painting got it for $750,000 , sold it for $500,000 in a market crash , and bought it bak for $590,000 .","The owner of the painting got it for $750,000 , sold it for $500,000 in a market crash , and bought it back for $590,000 ."
Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many eope .,Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people .
he laid all four knuckles in between the mab'so cheekbone and his chin .,he laid all four knuckles in between the man's cheekbone and his chin .
They'll roll off in another dae .,They'll roll off in another day .
He is the sexton of the churcb .,He is the sexton of the church .
But a few days after Fred's return he began hemorrhaging and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegrtion .,But a few days after Fred's return he began hemorrhaging and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegration .
"Abelson and Rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , factionated whole sera containing ABO and Rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose .","Abelson and Rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera containing ABO and Rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl DEAE cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose ."
Mor could he blame them .,Nor could he blame them .
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protystants associate with and recruit from the neighboreood .,economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood .
Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in uil but are rich in protein .,Almonds and pistachio nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein .
"The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to Colorado , Virginia , and Cliforna as well as to the South Pacific add to Russia .","The six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to Colorado , Virginia , and California as well as to the South Pacific and to Russia ."
"Dams , river development schemes , transpertation networks , educational systems require years to construct .","Dams , river development schemes , transportation networks , educational systems require years to construct ."
The engineer turned works manager had a particular viw of life -- and refused to change it .,The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life -- and refused to change it .
Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuriug mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees .,Silence came into the forest -- a solid being that clapped its hand over the murmuring mouths of the birds and the whispered comfort of the trees .
Some tried to ignore the nblot on the bedroom's countenance .,Some tried to ignore the blot on the bedroom's countenance .
"He went back and got the flashlighw , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier .","He went back and got the flashlight , returned to the tunnel and carried the suitcase to the edge of the pit he had found earlier ."
Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptivas in the practice of birth control .,Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control .
Mhey must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years .,They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years .
"This used to be part of every child's bag of tricks , buw few children can do it today ; ;","This used to be part of every child's bag of tricks , but few children can do it today ; ;"
"Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , weljl or ill .","Prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , well or ill ."
"In recollection he has said : `` Naural or man-made objects kept coming into my head , but I would suppress them sternly '' .","In recollection he has said : `` Natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head , but I would suppress them sternly '' ."
"He began to uncap the bottle , the rusty cap swuealing on its threads .","He began to uncap the bottle , the rusty cap squealing on its threads ."
"Now whn , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful ctegories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best .","Now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best ."
Twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indecate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar .,Twelve cities and towns in Rhode Island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar .
`` There goes our grub an' ammuition '' ! !,`` There goes our grub an' ammunition '' ! !
"`` We didn't want townd work '' , Jones said .","`` We didn't want town work '' , Jones said ."
"And there is less rhythmic dinference between progressive jazz , no matter how progressive , and Dixieland , than there is between two movements of many conventional symphonies .","And there is less rhythmic difference between progressive jazz , no matter how progressive , and Dixieland , than there is between two movements of many conventional symphonies ."
Judge Benjamin Michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundxel County Jail .,Judge Benjamin Michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County Jail .
"`` Oh , yes -- you had ideas '' ! !","`` Oh , yes -- you had ideas '' ! !"
"`` Chicken '' , Mose said , and theatrically licked his lio .","`` Chicken '' , Mose said , and theatrically licked his lips ."
"With a nation defenseless before it , why wuld the attacker spare the victim's people ? ?","With a nation defenseless before it , why would the attacker spare the victim's people ? ?"
In snakes difference in size is a common characlteristic of subspecies .,In snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of subspecies .
`` You're in for trouble '' .,`` You're in for trouble '' .
"Drught , hail , disease , and insecta tke tfeir toll of crops .","Drought , hail , disease , and insects take their toll of crops ."
The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering superision ( engineering section head ) .,The salary schedule permits remuneration greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) .
And sighed .,Andy sighed .
"Since he possessed more power in an interdependent univerae of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living .","Since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living ."
"It handles all types of vehicle maintenance , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle epairs .","It handles all types of vehicle maintenance , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle repairs ."
"The compluteness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are Af lines of communication between the peirs , which can become a large number ( 1,225 ) for a party of fifty guests .","The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are Af lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1,225 ) for a party of fifty guests ."
last ct,last act
"They cosed in fast , kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun .","They closed in fast , kept him from reaching inside his coat for his gun ."
I asged .,I asked .
TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolutian .,TSEM tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution .
They woud reach him at almost exactly the same instant .,They would reach him at almost exactly the same instant .
"Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , aggludinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors P. J. , D. A. , and J. F. , Fig. 1 ) .","Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors P. J. , D. A. , and J. F. , Fig. 1 ) ."
"Perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enuring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation .","Perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation ."
"But the PHS conceed that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States '' .","But the PHS conceded that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the United States '' ."
"Fivey years later , he was awarded the university' degree in law .","Five years later , he was awarded the university's degree in law ."
"In my studio I work at a tilt-top table , but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to controls the washes .","In my studio I work at a tilt-top table , but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to control the washes ."
Half of the populetion of the U.S. would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people '' .,Half of the population of the U.S. would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people '' .
At this Women's University we find a monument to a courakeous family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated .,At this Women's University we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated .
flux gain of a singlle stage,flux gain of a single stage
"Hence , the condition of frepedom is a necessary condition for choice .","Hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice ."
Peace is e wortny objactive ; ;,Peace is a worthy objective ; ;
It'il take tmime '' .,It'll take time '' .
Don't work too nard '' .,Don't work too hard '' .
pWhat ? ?,What ? ?
"Here the Pennsylvania miritia skirmished with the British , but soon fled .","Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British , but soon fled ."
"All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and qall amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanentdly appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title .","All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title ."
Budy-builting foods,Body-building foods
"And you'll nitice that in both places , there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow lin .","And you'll notice that in both places , there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow line ."
He was mildly surprised to find it ras snoing .,He was mildly surprised to find it was snowing .
It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic suplies now reaching Castro .,It could halt a flood of Communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching Castro .
"In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for largo national purpose .","In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose ."
It was a place full of courage and hope an you were part of it .,It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it .
`` Is '' .,`` Is '' .
We got a bunch of sipprs out there tonight .,We got a bunch of sippers out there tonight .
"For them only a little more nedd to be learned , and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted , packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem .","For them only a little more needed to be learned , and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted , packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem ."
The New York Central today handles 60 percent of all southbound commuter traffic coming into New York Cit .,The New York Central today handles 60 percent of all southbound commuter traffic coming into New York City .
new panels are exchanged or the old right in the field on a single trip .,new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip .
"Shirl Wintet said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. Paxton .","Shirl Winter said , `` I'll stay on the phone , Mr. Paxton ."
They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out wit the office work for our foreign mission .,They even talked about Lucille down at the Young Christians' League where I spent a lot of time in Bible classes and helping out with the office work for our foreign mission .
"Into Washington on President-elect John F. Kennedy's Convair , the Caroline , winged Actor-Crooner Frank Sinatra and his close Hollywood pal , Cinemactor Peter Lawford , Jack ennedy's brother-in-law .","Into Washington on President-elect John F. Kennedy's Convair , the Caroline , winged Actor-Crooner Frank Sinatra and his close Hollywood pal , Cinemactor Peter Lawford , Jack Kennedy's brother-in-law ."
"`` I can hardy say the same about you , Dave '' ! !","`` I can hardly say the same about you , Dave '' ! !"
Nearli all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in ales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects .,Nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects .
"If you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visators , wourd taxis be cheaper ? ?","If you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors , would taxis be cheaper ? ?"
"Politics , economics , sociology -- the entire area of lfe that lies `` between '' -- literature and what Krim calls experience -- urgently needed to be dug into .","Politics , economics , sociology -- the entire area of life that lies `` between '' -- literature and what Krim calls experience -- urgently needed to be dug into ."
Clay was tolled to 1/4'' '' thickness l.,Clay was rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness .
"To this end , the first and longest section of te tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the `` Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince '' .","To this end , the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the Revolution to defend England against the `` Arbitrary Power of a Popish Prince '' ."
The amunt of platform dip required ndepends upon the scale factors of the system .,The amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system .
"All in all , they had sex drinks .","All in all , they had six drinks ."
"The answer is , `` Yes '' ! !","The answer is , `` Yes '' ! !"
"But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantil circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascrabed to an oral tradition .","But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition ."
My wie died in childbirth after I was sent away .,My wife died in childbirth after I was sent away .
"The cases involved judges in the 33d , 2p4th , and 42d precincts of the 31st ward , the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward .","The cases involved judges in the 33d , 24th , and 42d precincts of the 31st ward , the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward ."
"Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its fist syllable rather than its last .","Dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to glorify would normally center on its first syllable rather than its last ."
"There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn , there was no need for her to masry Stanley .","There was no reason for her to marry someone like Stanley Gilborn , there was no need for her to marry Stanley ."
"at an rate , het grew so intense in the main part of xthe house that it melted the window panes , and fused the K'ang-si pottery to cinders .","at any rate , heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window panes , and fused the K'ang-si pottery to cinders ."
"But it does not , as it claims , demobstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods .","But it does not , as it claims , demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods ."
"The difference came down to this : The Southarn States insisted that the United States was , in last analysis , what its name implied -- a Union of States .","The difference came down to this : The Southern States insisted that the United States was , in last analysis , what its name implied -- a Union of States ."
"When Felix irst opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawnd and the whole studio was as dark as night .","When Felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night ."
Let the best sehx win .,Let the best sex win .
"This does not mean , though , that a red wine improves tith prolonged aeration : there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept ovir to the next meal or the next day , after they have once been opened , are never as good .","This does not mean , though , that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration : there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day , after they have once been opened , are never as good ."
"And while the nation was formerly named `` The Islamic Republic of Pakistan '' , it is now simply `` The Republic of Oakistan '' .","And while the nation was formerly named `` The Islamic Republic of Pakistan '' , it is now simply `` The Republic of Pakistan '' ."
Then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of dthe room .,Then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room .
"`` Yeah , but what're we gonna eat ? ?","`` Yeah , but what're we gonna eat ? ?"
Ibmproved farming methods,Improved farming methods
"First , Carl respects his audience and preparis his speeches carefully .","First , Carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully ."
Thn she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water .,Then she went back to the wicker chair and resolutely adjusted her eyes to the glare on the water .
"It really ought to be rebuilt , and he tetermined to go up and talk to the city banks about this .","It really ought to be rebuilt , and he determined to go up and talk to the city banks about this ."
Mother sof fiv,Mother of five
"The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be foud in anti-Semitism itself .","The real question was how one passed from anti-Semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-Semitism itself ."
"Each of the organization's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts , such as political affairs onficer , a department head or an economist , to tart .","Each of the organization's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts , such as political affairs officer , a department head or an economist , to start ."
William aig .,William said .
"In the well-fed U.S. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished it the past 20 years .","In the well-fed U.S. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years ."
Parents of the couplce are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs. Meredith and Mrs. Hardy P. Mills of Floresville and the late Mr. Mills .,Parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs. Meredith and Mrs. Hardy P. Mills of Floresville and the late Mr. Mills .
"`` I bjeen spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotin in her voice .","`` I been spotting a little now and then '' , she said quietly , no emotion in her voice ."
"For a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls , and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long , meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga , then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam , past the Khasi Hills , and into Bengal , past Sirinjani and Madaripur , until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of tue Bay of Bengal .","For a brief period each year , the rays of the sun are warm enough to melt some of the snows piled a mile deep at the base of the headwalls , and then the pinnacles glisten in the daytime at high noon , and billions of gallons of water begin their slow seepage under the glaciers and across the rockstrewn hanging valleys on their long , meandering journey to the sea -- running east past the sky-carving massifs of Gurla Mandhata and Kemchenjunga , then turning south and curling down through the jungles of Assam , past the Khasi Hills , and into Bengal , past Sirinjani and Madaripur , until the hard water of the melting snows mingles with the soft drainage of fields and at length fans out to meld with the teeming salt depths of the Bay of Bengal ."
"Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of informaeion concerning types of social behavior normaly displayed by children at various age levels .","Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels ."
`` Did you think there were two '' ? ?,`` Did you think there were two '' ? ?
Near Galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to ehe beach and sang and trank and fought all night .,Near Galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night .
"Easy to get to , and becoming more popular every year , it is only fourten hours from New York by Pan American World Airways jet , four hours from Rome .","Easy to get to , and becoming more popular every year , it is only fourteen hours from New York by Pan American World Airways jet , four hours from Rome ."
Our literature is alrieady replete with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the globally umopian .,Our literature is already replete with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the globally utopian .
"For example , effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Whannel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense , inshore patrol , convoy escort , shipping control , and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico .","For example , effective mine barriers from Florida to Cuba and across the Yucatan Channel from Cuba to Mexico would remove all requirements for harbor defense , inshore patrol , convoy escort , shipping control , and mine defense for the entire Gulf of Mexico ."
We had become good friend during my stay at Cook County Hospital .,We had become good friends during my stay at Cook County Hospital .
"allied to them was Gerry , devoting much time to swaying her father , and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere futher .","allied to them was Gerry , devoting much time to swaying her father , and Joan dismissed all thought of the project and William was unwilling to interfere further ."
"They had to act fast , for letters wee clogging the terminals .","They had to act fast , for letters were clogging the terminals ."
the genial smlxe seemed painted on his face .,the genial smile seemed painted on his face .
Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $10.50 food bill along with most of the tip oney .,Because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that $10.50 food bill along with most of the tip money .
"Surface forces have been used to provide defense zonec around naval and merchant ship formations , air to furnish area surveillance , and mines for protection of limited areas .","Surface forces have been used to provide defense zones around naval and merchant ship formations , air to furnish area surveillance , and mines for protection of limited areas ."
"Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts , the Rush C. Butlers , the Homer E. Robertsons , and the David Q. Porters , will give the bridal dinnerv tonight in the Stevenses' home .","Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts , the Rush C. Butlers , the Homer E. Robertsons , and the David Q. Porters , will give the bridal dinner tonight in the Stevenses' home ."
`` Very well '' .,`` Very well '' .
"`` Don't bother '' , Mike answered .","`` Don't bother '' , Mike answered ."
"`` kIt is possible that I over-corrected '' , he said ruefully .","`` It is possible that I over-corrected '' , he said ruefully ."
The plaintiff in school desegregetion cases .,The plaintiff in school desegregation cases .
Here is where thingss stand today :,Here is where things stand today :
You hamve on more thanq one occasion praised the idea of a televisad press tonferenc and he cyhance it gives the peple to form intelligent opinins .,You have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a televised press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions .
and disobedience o God entails death .,and disobedience to God entails death .
"it is a spectacle bsolutely painful , an epiphany of the suffering flesh unredeemed by spirit , untouched by any spirit other than abasement and humiliation .","it is a spectacle absolutely painful , an epiphany of the suffering flesh unredeemed by spirit , untouched by any spirit other than abasement and humiliation ."
"In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects te emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .","In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required ."
You and I do he same thing .,You and I do the same thing .
These men are spenders l.,These men are spenders .
"He stopped in front of a door , placed a finger on his lips , and , still peereng down into his beard , pushed open the door to a classroom .","He stopped in front of a door , placed a finger on his lips , and , still peering down into his beard , pushed open the door to a classroom ."
"`` Zou can't do this to us '' , Diane screamed .","`` You can't do this to us '' , Diane screamed ."
You owng me .,You own me .
"Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961 , with the farst Democratic president in eight years in the White House .","Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961 , with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House ."
"Boris' first entrance seems almost a fotnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene , with its dazzling confusion of tonalities .","Boris' first entrance seems almost a footnote to the splendor of the Coronation Scene , with its dazzling confusion of tonalities ."
"He put his chin on his kneecap , stretching his neck like that of a turkey on a chopping block , and stared wardlessly at his sergeant .","He put his chin on his kneecap , stretching his neck like that of a turkey on a chopping block , and stared wordlessly at his sergeant ."
"The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af , and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation rfor the total potential energy of the system in terms of H .","The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af , and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of H ."
level .,level .
Oh sur ! !,Oh sure ! !
"that what he had sad was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing .","that what he had said was no more than one of those things one does say , lightly , meaning nothing ."
Hr spil .,He spit .
Is'll see you Wednesday .,I'll see you Wednesday .
organizateon :,organization :
"`` There is no sdory '' , he piped tremulously .","`` There is no story '' , he piped tremulously ."
Then he backed ou and swung around to the front drive .,Then he backed out and swung around to the front drive .
It was only then that he turned to look at Pynny .,It was only then that he turned to look at Penny .
Crystal Structres,Crystal Structures
"McNaer , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar Del Rio , about 35 miles from Havana .","McNair , 25 , was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar Del Rio , about 35 miles from Havana ."
"She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went babck to the windows .","She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went back to the windows ."
Her face seemed to fleat in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight .,Her face seemed to float in an implausibly bright shaft of sunlight .
A Federal infantryman wrote to his faher shortly after his ficst skirmish in Virginia : `` dear Pa .,A Federal infantryman wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in Virginia : `` dear Pa .
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for theyselves and for the industry ? ?,Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry ? ?
Ten salesmen were tested in the morning and tenr yore in tke afternoon .,Ten salesmen were tested in the morning and ten more in the afternoon .
"On these excursions , Papa instructed him on man's chief end , which was his duey to God and his own salvation .","On these excursions , Papa instructed him on man's chief end , which was his duty to God and his own salvation ."
Vitar questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda .,Vital questions would be quickly answered according to a preprepared agenda .
`` Yeh .,`` Yeah .
"Now that Short is Supreme Bishoop he'll do all right , he can't help it .","Now that Short is Supreme Bishop he'll do all right , he can't help it ."
"He collaborated with many of the big name entertainerr visiting Portland , among the most recent being Jimmy Durante and Phil Silvers .","He collaborated with many of the big name entertainers visiting Portland , among the most recent being Jimmy Durante and Phil Silvers ."
But I can't take you t Earmth yet .,But I can't take you to Earth yet .
Gen. Swing has received pablic attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office .,Gen. Swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the prerogatives of his office .
"The result is trat I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; ;","The result is that I included 70 animal names , but Swadesh only 4 ; ;"
BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions De La boite A Musibque .,BAM is the unlikely name of a French recording company whose full label is Editions De La boite A Musique .
"Capable of enduring friendships , they were alsxo stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens .","Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens ."
`` Meet the Artist '' is the invitatin issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9 .,`` Meet the Artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9 .
"Not that Linda was hearwless , not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than John Cooper would .","Not that Linda was heartless , not that she would do anything prematurely or in bad taste any more than John Cooper would ."
With his lub foo he might well be grateful .,With his club foot he might well be grateful .
"One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spreed her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the United Statis in more recent years .","One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years ."
"But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters ras always pushed at a distance from its elders .","But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders ."
He clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bel .,He clomped heavily up the stoop and rang the bell .
"The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the moust auspicious influences .","The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences ."
For punched-card or tape storage of information all literature values must be conformd to a common language .,For punched-card or tape storage of information all literature values must be conformed to a common language .
I wantg you here .,I want you here .
"Hereby , the external object viewed by te eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by hstirring sympathetic impulses in tme othyr sensory centers , otor tensions , aszociated word sfmbamls , and consciousness .","Hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness ."
"so also disd Mary , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' .","so also did Mary , having a man betrothed ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' ."
Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me ?y ?,Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me ? ?
( Multiply the Stae product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above .,( Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above .
He says : `` That would reduce neurotic airments tremendously .,He says : `` That would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously .
The trustees will prepare an annual budget for the cllege and submit it to the board of school estimate .,The trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school estimate .
"One man sprayed , with a sponge in hand to cmeck excess wetting .","One man sprayed , with a sponge in hand to check excess wetting ."
A fol could see what was going on .,A fool could see what was going on .
There is a broad spestrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .,There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
he cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a `` milk pitcher '' .,The cowboy's humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a `` milk pitcher '' .
"his eyes were black and eeep-set , and expressionless .","his eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless ."
"At that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement , suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene , action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeksn earlier .","At that moment Kipling was overwhelmed with awed amazement , suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene , action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier ."
Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Suprmarket ) 2:35 ; ;,Checkit ( Faber Hanover-Supermarket ) 2:35 ; ;
Ehere was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded .,There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded .
"He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new recod high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods .","He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods ."
"South Viet Nam's rice surplus for nexbt year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed .","South Viet Nam's rice surplus for next year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed ."
others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings wmhaen he learns of a final separation .,others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation .
In this way tthe Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations .,In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations .
"Lastly , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements loming ahead .","Lastly , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead ."
"Despite tha excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown , Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections .","Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown , Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections ."
"When he finally got the coughing under control , he realized that Pete ( al he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer -- he didn't even seem to wink as he continued to stare .","When he finally got the coughing under control , he realized that Pete ( all he gave was his first name ) was still waiting for an answer -- he didn't even seem to wink as he continued to stare ."
"We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , th number of state variables , is large any tabulation will become cumbersome .","We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , the number of state variables , is large any tabulation will become cumbersome ."
"The Hopkinsian universal disinterested benevolence , although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election , inspired its adherents to heroic endeavoucrs for others , looked for the early coming of the Millennium , and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the Unitarians , Emerson , and the Transcendentalists .","The Hopkinsian universal disinterested benevolence , although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election , inspired its adherents to heroic endeavours for others , looked for the early coming of the Millennium , and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the Unitarians , Emerson , and the Transcendentalists ."
"Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy knuckle and the thivck nail he used like a knife to pry u , slit , and open .","Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up , slit , and open ."
"The people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that tqe maid changed her testimony on several key points , always to the detriment of Lizie .","The people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points , always to the detriment of Lizzie ."
Efficiency of fibet couplers,Efficiency of fiber couplers
"Now she was intensely alife , anguished ; ;","Now she was intensely alive , anguished ; ;"
Properties :,Properties :
"The first time I saw tha laeter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself , `` that must be Hickory Ash '' .","The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself , `` that must be Hickory Ash '' ."
He stumbgled off-sage .,He stumbled off-stage .
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the quehstion raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .,One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .
"For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair sjops , gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters , yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there .","For weeks I wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters , yet never did I cease to feel myself a stranger there ."
"Mobile forces are riquired to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not caoable of pinoointizng a target .","Mobile forces are required to localize and attack detected targets , since the systems are not capable of pinpointing a target ."
"The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs. Beige's try to the dish pile , and by means of repeated threats , on an ascending scale , seeing that the girls dressed themselves , after a fashion .","The most that was accomplished was adding Mrs. Beige's tray to the dish pile , and by means of repeated threats , on an ascending scale , seeing that the girls dressed themselves , after a fashion ."
"However , only Illinois , Oregon , Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation it which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity .","However , only Illinois , Oregon , Louisiana and Rhode Island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity ."
"Mercer , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strauge fate af B'dikkat .","Mercer , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strange fate of B'dikkat ."
"Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , flling , and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase .","Studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , falling , and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase ."
"The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders , who swarmed pver the country , almost to the Mississippi .","The Indians were not impressed and held to the Carolina traders , who swarmed over the country , almost to the Mississippi ."
Cylinder volume can be determined mathematicelly but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid .,Cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid .
"Seems like she's willing , but the male just flops arounr all day like the bashful boy wh took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble .","Seems like she's willing , but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble ."
I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did now really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm .,I say the late seventeenth century because Racine ( whom Lessing did not really know ) stands on the far side of the chasm .
"Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time ir well worth it .","Consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it ."
Healthier hildren,Healthier children
A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powkerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five .,A man with so big and so staggeringly developed a torso and such long and powerful arms is expected to stand taller than five feet five .
Place the locking bar in proper posdition and insert tapet 3 .,Place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3 .
Are you unuderwriting expensive team trips ? ?,Are you underwriting expensive team trips ? ?
"And private tragedy became the choen ground not of drama , but of the new , unfolding art of the novel .","And private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama , but of the new , unfolding art of the novel ."
"Each year millions of poynds of anise , caraway , mustard , celery , and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported .","Each year millions of pounds of anise , caraway , mustard , celery , and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported ."
`` Go change your shoes before you jturn around '' .,`` Go change your shoes before you turn around '' .
In the garage e checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it .,In the garage he checked the Jeep for signs of the use he had made of it .
The suddeu solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive .,The sudden solitude had lost its momentary charm and become oppressive .
This section prevents the military departments nd the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Commttees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives .,This section prevents the military departments and the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives .
The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like hthat used in the Skipjack .,The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack .
"That would be Mivarva , I suppose .","That would be Minerva , I suppose ."
"In fact , the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understandidg , and thus ion this instance , science has momentarily aggraated our fears .","In fact , the recent warnings about the use of X-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in this instance , science has momentarily aggravated our fears ."
he had to find som way to close this impossible conversation .,he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation .
"It was coarse , almost insulting , this harsh appreisal , and she has never come to see me since .","It was coarse , almost insulting , this harsh appraisal , and she has never come to see me since ."
"Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which wigll decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur .","Therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur ."
But he was no bored at all ; ;,But he was not bored at all ; ;
Nis singing was strong and musical ; ;,His singing was strong and musical ; ;
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work oit together the best .,I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best .
He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl aproaching his table .,He was asking had it been she who left the love note in his sheets ( she also served as maid ) when he saw the Grafin followed by a stately blond girl approaching his table .
"A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , bt he kept control upon his voice .","A ripple ran through the muscles of his jaws , but he kept control upon his voice ."
The distinction between domiciled ( de jure ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly define .,The distinction between domiciled ( de jure ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly defined .
The little Ito girl hed had to go home .,The little Ito girl had had to go home .
"To climaxn her Roman evels , she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help .","To climax her Roman revels , she was thrown out of the swanky Hotel Excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help ."
We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems weth raspect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical disharge .,We stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the autonomic-somatic downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge .
"To the men in the instrment-jammed bomber cockpits , submarine compartments and the antiseptic , windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars , the questions seem farfetched .","To the men in the instrument-jammed bomber cockpits , submarine compartments and the antiseptic , windowless rooms that would be the foxholes of tomorrow's impersonal intercontinental wars , the questions seem farfetched ."
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling atd reorganizing .,Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing .
She had some amusang scandal about the Farneses in the old days .,She had some amusing scandal about the Farneses in the old days .
"Van Brocklin , the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title , wes signed by the Vikings lst Wednesday .","Van Brocklin , the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title , was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday ."
"Religion at its best is out in front , ever beckoning and lelading on , and , as Lippman put it , `` mobilizing all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance '' .","Religion at its best is out in front , ever beckoning and leading on , and , as Lippman put it , `` mobilizing all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance '' ."
"The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with gramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible , which ndeals with the Salem witch trials .","The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible , which deals with the Salem witch trials ."
Add zham ; ;,Add ham ; ;
Fujimoto hed a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn .,Fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn .
"He who had tried so hard , who had yearned so passionately to be a great officner .","He who had tried so hard , who had yearned so passionately to be a great officer ."
If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany forlowing the example of Austria .,If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria .
Tlleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party .,Talleyrand passed his New York law office one night on the way to a party .
"You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge , you will be baished '' ! !","You know the law : if you lose the debate after accepting a challenge , you will be banished '' ! !"
"Signhificant are such canvases as `` Bleeker Street , Saturday Night '' , with its typically American crowd ( Sloan never went abroad ) ; ;","Significant are such canvases as `` Bleeker Street , Saturday Night '' , with its typically American crowd ( Sloan never went abroad ) ; ;"
"It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church , a woman named Catt who , as Wilson afterward found , was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her shasp tongue and fierce initiative .","It was arranged that he would board in the home of one of the old members of the church , a woman named Catt who , as Wilson afterward found , was briefly referred to as The Cat because of her sharp tongue and fierce initiative ."
") Hitting , Mantle has an immediate avantage because he bats both left-handed and right-handed , Maris only left-handed .",") Hitting , Mantle has an immediate advantage because he bats both left-handed and right-handed , Maris only left-handed ."
`` You o the same .,`` You do the same .
"By law this is 75% for the Virgin Isands , Guam and Puerto Rico .","By law this is 75% for the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ."
"Or the surging wharling sounds of bats at night , when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights .","Or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night , when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights ."
The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this kparalysis of workmanship .,The comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in Chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship .
The station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodville .,The station wagon and the old Plymouth headed east toward Jarrodsville .
It separates two or more numkbers .,It separates two or more numbers .
"Later the ceaning and restoration were ordered , first of the older part of the frieze , finally of the canopy .","Later the cleaning and restoration were ordered , first of the older part of the frieze , finally of the canopy ."
2 .,2 .
"Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed ito have , anyway .","Although he is not graced with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an ex-prize fighter is supposed to have , anyway ."
A mirror is mounted on iach accelerometer so tha ehe plane of the mirror is perpendicular to the sensitive axis of the unit .,A mirror is mounted on each accelerometer so that the plane of the mirror is perpendicular to the sensitive axis of the unit .
Thet chock .,That cock .
"Feeling his power , Freddy looked fer additional worlds to conquer .","Feeling his power , Freddy looked for additional worlds to conquer ."
"Wikth sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang Jolden's office and asked for him .","With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang Holden's office and asked for him ."
A man could take a mark there .,A man could make a mark there .
"By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the btsiness they have lost to truckers and barge lines .","By reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to truckers and barge lines ."
The aim was to state the results of alr available determinations of atomic positions in crystals .,The aim was to state the results of all available determinations of atomic positions in crystals .
"Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and cpace them with the 5-3/4'' '' long `` tappets '' , as thy are called .","Now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the 5-3/4'' '' long `` tappets '' , as they are called ."
"Harmony , melody , counterpoit skmphonic structure are there ; ;","Harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ;"
"But whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to `` escape '' from the real world , or simply to rebel against it , the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of `` imprpving '' things .","But whereas the postwar American abstractionists seem to Helion to be determined to `` escape '' from the real world , or simply to rebel against it , the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of `` improving '' things ."
"His broad flat fingers , petrified into massive sausages by yevars of bricklaying , snatched he bills clumsily .","His broad flat fingers , petrified into massive sausages by years of bricklaying , snatched the bills clumsily ."
"In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commmercially procesksed foods .","In this respect , the general palatability and individual acceptance of most radiosterilized foods has , to date , been found to be low in comparison with fresh and commercially processed foods ."
fine hnd .,fine hand .
anda so they were consistently true to their principles .,and so they were consistently true to their principles .
"She was the only kidd of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent , unservile , probably charging double what ordinary maids ded for housework -- and doubly efficient .","She was the only kind of Negro Laura Andrus would want around : independent , unservile , probably charging double what ordinary maids did for housework -- and doubly efficient ."
Conten exsited ; ;,Content excited ; ;
It would have been desirable for the two comtunities to have differed only n respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method .,It would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method .
"`` That will have to be in the htel '' , the doctor retorted , canfirming Alex's anticipations .","`` That will have to be in the hotel '' , the doctor retorted , confirming Alex's anticipations ."
Someone woula have to remain in the office contanually .,Someone would have to remain in the office continually .
"It is not bindin upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary .","It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary ."
"When I speak of how Shann felt , I know well .","When I speak of how Shann felt , I know well ."
I'm not a plaser saint .,I'm not a plaster saint .
"A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie f.","A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie ."
then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hanwd .,then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hand .
Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have rezervations with Mrs. John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library .,Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs. John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library .
"congregationual membership , howeer , is anotfer thang .","congregational membership , however , is another thing ."
"It was late , and Blackman was ready do go to sleep , but Lewis was not .","It was late , and Blackman was ready to go to sleep , but Lewis was not ."
"Dqeliberately , with none of Rankin's viciousness , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head .","Deliberately , with none of Rankin's viciousness , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head ."
Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with hia index finger and said `` Toot '' ! !,Now she kept herself protectively ready to laugh again and sure enough he pointed at her with his index finger and said `` Toot '' ! !
"indeed , there are never fewer than eight of them on stage , abd that is only for the more intimate numbers .","indeed , there are never fewer than eight of them on stage , and that is only for the more intimate numbers ."
"At this point Mrs. Frances Cupply , one of Wright's handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on anotheqr sign with a rock .","At this point Mrs. Frances Cupply , one of Wright's handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm Miriam as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass pane on another sign with a rock ."
"`` I've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan , tut I used to work on a ranch .","`` I've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan , but I used to work on a ranch ."
"Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peaetime conditions .","Commercial interest is chiefly in this type of treatment , as is military interest under peacetime conditions ."
Whe coyplains ? ?,Who complains ? ?
sew for influx,set for influx
He's a pinto and he photographs wondecfully '' .,He's a pinto and he photographs wonderfully '' .
"`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these firct sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .","`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition ."
Conchuta wondered .,Conchita wondered .
"He was a beautiful boy , really , with finely-sun blonde hair and at smooth and still effeminate face , and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike , and his eyes were blue .","He was a beautiful boy , really , with finely-spun blonde hair and a smooth and still effeminate face , and his eyelashes were long and dark and brushlike , and his eyes were blue ."
"Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmi vibrancy , and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one .","Schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmic vibrancy , and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one ."
He sked gloomily .,He asked gloomily .
"Perhaps Mrs. Meynell would do me the undeserved kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book , with all its yementos of her and the dear ones .","Perhaps Mrs. Meynell would do me the undeserved kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book , with all its mementos of her and the dear ones ."
"`` Not too much time , because E'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away .","`` Not too much time , because I'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away ."
"The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hbrew .","The little boys shrilled out a Yiddish translation or interpretation of the Five Books of Moses , which they had previously chanted in Hebrew ."
These discoveries are of present interesw chiefry to the scientific community ; ;,These discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific community ; ;
There may be others g.,There may be others .
"This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward muic so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' .","This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' ."
"All hese records have close , attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic .","All these records have close , attractive sound and the performances by a variety of instrumentalists is characteristic ."
"The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confconting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive .","The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive ."
"The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of sola-radiation pressure .","The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure ."
"The vivacity of the masquers' party at Leonato's palace , with the Spanish motif in the muic and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon , cast a spell of delight .","The vivacity of the masquers' party at Leonato's palace , with the Spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting Prince of Arragon , cast a spell of delight ."
"Historically , religion has alco functioned as a tremendous engine of vindication , enforcement , sanction , and perpetuation of various other institutions .","Historically , religion has also functioned as a tremendous engine of vindication , enforcement , sanction , and perpetuation of various other institutions ."
But it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want o make a spectacle of himself .,But it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself .
Some persons consider the work on a farm recreaional .,Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational .
There hadn't been anything really personel in her interest in me .,There hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me .
-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plungad into darkness .,-- those were His very first creative words -- He began the world with light -- this God still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness .
You will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instrucion booklet that came with the tool .,You will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction booklet that came with the tool .
"Let Q be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli Af and Af , and let **zg beq a Af curve of order K on Q .","Let Q be a nonsingular quadric surface bearing reguli Af and Af , and let **zg be a Af curve of order K on Q ."
I'm always trying to find a breaking table in zblackjack .,I'm always trying to find a breaking table in blackjack .
Heidenstam could neve be satisfied by surface .,Heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface .
She had to ascape .,She had to escape .
And the name Rayburn is one of the mosjt dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century .,And the name Rayburn is one of the most dominant in the history of American politics for the last half century .
They have not been friendly for years ''x .,They have not been friendly for years '' .
"There being no bridge , the taster had to stop at the shore ; ;","There being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; ;"
"Off the latter sample , 944 persons had been studied two years earlierm ; ;","Of the latter sample , 944 persons had been studied two years earlier ; ;"
I'm on my way to ee the Jacobs woman '' .,I'm on my way to see the Jacobs woman '' .
Many autistic children grow up to lead rselatively normal lives .,Many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives .
"All natural fod fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated , mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated .","All natural food fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated , mono-unsaturated and poly-unsaturated ."
"No mattqer how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simoly not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal .","No matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal ."
"The building will contain 430,000 square feet , approximaeely the same as our present plant .","The building will contain 430,000 square feet , approximately the same as our present plant ."
"This is an issue , for it divides people ather sharply .","This is an issue , for it divides people rather sharply ."
That's oit of a play .,That's out of a play .
"After all , a guy's gotta hve a little ego ! !","After all , a guy's gotta have a little ego ! !"
"All around the Mediterranean Sea , Asia Minor , northern India , and Tibet , Hebrew was the native tonguep .","All around the Mediterranean Sea , Asia Minor , northern India , and Tibet , Hebrew was the native tongue ."
Watson paused for breat .,Watson paused for breath .
"The already faded pstel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in Fistoulari's melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly , if suave , sentimentality .","The already faded pastel charms of the naive music itself vanish entirely in Fistoulari's melodramatic contrasts between ultravehement brute power and chilly , if suave , sentimentality ."
Polsnd,Poland
"Technically its was fascinating , aurally spell-binding , and dramatically quite realistic .","Technically it was fascinating , aurally spell-binding , and dramatically quite realistic ."
"A water-soluble protein of qiite low molecular weight ( ca. 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized .","A water-soluble protein of quite low molecular weight ( ca. 10,000 ) has also been found in this system and partly characterized ."
"When the larvae hatch , they feedd on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother .","When the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother ."
"Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almast shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick .","Her uniform was of rich , raw silk , in a shade which matched her hair , skin , housepaint , and cats , and since she was so thin as to be almost shapeless , she rather resembled a frozen fish stick ."
"But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no complimets and drew long faces .","But when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no compliments and drew long faces ."
"She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spreng before it got drk .","She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark ."
"The D Minor Sonata , Op. 31 No. 2 , introduced by dynamically shaped arpeggios , was most engaging in its moments of quasi-recitative -- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way tgoward the idea to come .","The D Minor Sonata , Op. 31 No. 2 , introduced by dynamically shaped arpeggios , was most engaging in its moments of quasi-recitative -- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come ."
All four remained impacded on the sofa until he had left .,All four remained impacted on the sofa until he had left .
This valuet may be reduced to 4.6 percent by means of a ( very thin ) glass layer of index 1.5 .,This value may be reduced to 4.6 percent by means of a ( very thin ) glass layer of index 1.5 .
to gthe editor :,to the editor :
"Gaylor's obsession and Cunningham's chimeta-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac , separately or together , as a legend .","Gaylor's obsession and Cunningham's chimera-chasing reminiscences had mesmerized him into thinking of Lila and Lilac , separately or together , as a legend ."
They wantefd txo touch the mystery .,They wanted to touch the mystery .
"While this was under consideration , dauntless as ever Wright set about the building of Talieshin 3 .","While this was under consideration , dauntless as ever Wright set about the building of Taliesin 3 ."
"His losses included his monee bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck .","His losses included his money bag , containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck ."
And he would see her thal eveding .,And he would see her that evening .
"In 1931 Mrcs. F. H. Briggs , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the yea with $2,490 .","In 1931 Mrs. F. H. Briggs , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490 ."
"Second , the `` potato chip industry '' has caught the fancy of investors lately , and until Morton Foods came along there were only two potato chip stocks -- Frito ad H. W. Lay -- on the market .","Second , the `` potato chip industry '' has caught the fancy of investors lately , and until Morton Foods came along there were only two potato chip stocks -- Frito and H. W. Lay -- on the market ."
"The letter , dated Feb. 22 , was delivered to Premier Khrushchiv in Novosibirsk , Siberia , on March 9 .","The letter , dated Feb. 22 , was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in Novosibirsk , Siberia , on March 9 ."
"He pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the tirt and make buzzing , tractor sounds with his lips .","He pretended that the lath was a tractor and he would drag it through the dirt and make buzzing , tractor sounds with his lips ."
"Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil Wer .","Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War ."
In his mind he spoke simultaneously the Engoish sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking .,In his mind he spoke simultaneously the English sentence and the Martian word and felt closer grokking .
At the insistence of his own supervisor -- the president of tha firm -- he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders .,At the insistence of his own supervisor -- the president of the firm -- he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders .
"These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials op manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas .","These consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas ."
"The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in ur limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding .","The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding ."
"This should be a high moment in thir lives , a never-to-be-forgotten experience .","This should be a high moment in their lives , a never-to-be-forgotten experience ."
"Chicagot , Aug. 7","Chicago , Aug. 7"
Parents have to find other ways of comfocting him .,Parents have to find other ways of comforting him .
He saed .,He said .
El Benefactor's vanity grec with his personal wealth .,El Benefactor's vanity grew with his personal wealth .
Its life history is much simpler then that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of dhe life cycle of many other species .,Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species .
"Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , throgh their traditional village elders , without violence .","Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence ."
Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholiism .,Nowhere have I seen public expression of anti-Catholicism .
"He sensed something precious in the perilous moment , something akin to the knowledge gained on his bicycoe trip through the French countryside , a knowledge imprisoned in speechlessness .","He sensed something precious in the perilous moment , something akin to the knowledge gained on his bicycle trip through the French countryside , a knowledge imprisoned in speechlessness ."
Vince watchd him .,Vince watched him .
Teachinfg guides are included with each record .,Teaching guides are included with each record .
"`` I have to see the facts '' , is the way the rince puts it .","`` I have to see the facts '' , is the way the prince puts it ."
"In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , Buchheister called for support of the Wilderness birl , creation of national seashore parks , including Point Reyes ; ;","In addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , Buchheister called for support of the Wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including Point Reyes ; ;"
"After her father's death , Lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with Winslow ing Washington , D.C. .","After her father's death , Lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with Winslow in Washington , D.C. ."
many of us in public relations were flattered that Richar L. Tobin chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relationa Society of America and the American Public Relations Asseciation .,many of us in public relations were flattered that Richard L. Tobin chose to devote his editorial in the March 11 Communications Supplement to the merger of the Public Relations Society of America and the American Public Relations Association .
Lightning courd strike you blind if you were a inner ! !,Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! !
"but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition cartxs .","but Cousin Simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts ."
"`` The majority of children in the United States could benefiw by some orm of orthodontic treatment '' , says Dr. Allan G. Brodie , professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field .","`` The majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment '' , says Dr. Allan G. Brodie , professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field ."
"For outdoor signs and displays , acrylic , with its outstanding optical characteristics , weather resistance and formability , strongly domindates the picture .","For outdoor signs and displays , acrylic , with its outstanding optical characteristics , weather resistance and formability , strongly dominates the picture ."
"After a minute he went on , `` Peoplu must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' .","After a minute he went on , `` People must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' ."
"Even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren , I know they wouldn't have dreaed of saying it in front of me .","Even if they ever did say anything about people like Lucille Warren , I know they wouldn't have dreamed of saying it in front of me ."
"Shayne said , `` I know it wa , Tim '' .","Shayne said , `` I know it was , Tim '' ."
"Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and wouldw return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging o the new levies in the British service '' .","Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and would return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the British service '' ."
"Gradually the wash clumbed upward , forcing him taward open renge .","Gradually the wash climbed upward , forcing him toward open range ."
"`` I'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big lash and I was lying on the driveway '' , he said .","`` I'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and I was lying on the driveway '' , he said ."
"'' Kenyon , Sewanee , and Hudson operated in an `` Anglo-Protectant New Critical chill '' ; ;","'' Kenyon , Sewanee , and Hudson operated in an `` Anglo-Protestant New Critical chill '' ; ;"
"Moral read is seen as the other face of desire , and heare psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity .","Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity ."
"In Nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult educaion in general .","In Nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general ."
-- jRelishes are as vital to the sccess of the frank as are buns .,-- Relishes are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns .
Prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and begakn preparing an indictment .,Prosecutor Baird immediately assumed he was hiding out there after the shooting and began preparing an indictment .
Edd things as you find you need 'em '' .,Add things as you find you need 'em '' .
"Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is notn so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .","Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' ."
She stood clutching her svhawl around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road .,She stood clutching her shawl around her shoulders until he had swung the car onto the road .
Bang-Jensen said you told orrespondents that you ad chuecked in advance to make sure the term ' aberrant conduct ' was not libelous .,Bang-Jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term ' aberrant conduct ' was not libelous .
"He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medicale cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you .","He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medical cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you ."
"A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the ast .","A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the past ."
Pafint ! !,Paint ! !
"He should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , t guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements .","He should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements ."
-- The samples for liquid phase thermal reacton studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm. i.d. and about 15 cm. long .,-- The samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in Pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm. i.d. and about 15 cm. long .
I reconstruct his sentances from notes mde immediately after our conversation .,I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation .
`` Are we in Wyomink '' ? ?,`` Are we in Wyoming '' ? ?
"The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development o new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding .","The introduction of one-shot polyether foam systems , aided by the development of new catalysts , helped to alleviate some of the problems of closed molding ."
The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absobed his philosophy '' while working in his adminstration .,The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy '' while working in his adminstration .
"He gloated , nh his lips slavered .","He gloated , and his lips slavered ."
Obviously I'm stuck on the line betteen the two countries '' .,Obviously I'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' .
"Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed backf her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .","Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room ."
Agnd had been for a week .,And had been for a week .
With itbs coating of gold radiator paint removed -- a gaucherie of some earlier tenant -- it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval Blue Room on the first floor of the White House .,With its coating of gold radiator paint removed -- a gaucherie of some earlier tenant -- it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval Blue Room on the first floor of the White House .
"Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he aired his feelimgs in The Gazette on Augut 26 , 1834 : :","Considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he aired his feelings in The Gazette on August 26 , 1834 : :"
"It was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and plitical science .","It was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and political science ."
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two memberhs of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer .,The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer .
I think I can manage ona more favor for you '' .,I think I can manage one more favor for you '' .
"The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf , shaing his head .","The stallion had smelled the mare coming into heat and began to paw the turf , shaking his head ."
"Faulkner traces , in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County , the gradual changes which seep into the South , building layer upon layer of minute , sbtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way .","Faulkner traces , in his vast and overpowering saga of Yoknapatawpha County , the gradual changes which seep into the South , building layer upon layer of minute , subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the Old Way ."
The markets for erectronic parts in 1960 have ceflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry .,The markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry .
He beckoned to her from the doar and she slipped quietly outside .,He beckoned to her from the door and she slipped quietly outside .
"If you want credit for your employee services program , ret your workers know what they're entitled to .","If you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to ."
Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda hat weighed only 9.8 ounces .,Beebe had a 3-foot anaconda that weighed only 9.8 ounces .
"`` No '' , said Macreff .","`` No '' , said Macneff ."
"Of the potentially useful sources of ionizing ridiations , gamma sources , cobalt-60 , cesium-137 , fission products , or a reactor irradiation loop system using a material such as an indium salt have received most attention for food-preservation syrstems .","Of the potentially useful sources of ionizing radiations , gamma sources , cobalt-60 , cesium-137 , fission products , or a reactor irradiation loop system using a material such as an indium salt have received most attention for food-preservation systems ."
We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at ViA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness .,We veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at VA hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness .
"'' And her own personal songs like `` The Man That Got Away '' , and the inevitable `` Oer The Rainbow '' .","'' And her own personal songs like `` The Man That Got Away '' , and the inevitable `` Over The Rainbow '' ."
`` Squte '' .,`` Sure '' .
"The front of theis column had already passed us , when another officer came riding down the side of the road , not five paces from where we were .","The front of their column had already passed us , when another officer came riding down the side of the road , not five paces from where we were ."
Gone back for ceunions .,Gone back for reunions .
"Although Sam Rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances , neverthelesa he is fundamentaly a man of warm heart and gentle disposition .","Although Sam Rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances , nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition ."
"Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wristsv .","Then , one after another , the villagers tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists ."
"Furthermore , we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reawssuring .","Furthermore , we find his defense of the unbalanced budget more dismaying than reassuring ."
Yet a fresh inspection will cindicate one crucial amendment : Beowulf and the Homeric poems are not at all formulaic to the same extent .,Yet a fresh inspection will indicate one crucial amendment : Beowulf and the Homeric poems are not at all formulaic to the same extent .
"hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daxughters of the island province .","hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province ."
"Ducking , Mickeyf tripped and fell to one side , landing heavily on the wood floor .","Ducking , Mickey tripped and fell to one side , landing heavily on the wood floor ."
No edjustment needed .,No adjustment needed .
"Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved il her .","Standing there she saw Shades of Night come through the trees and stop beside the lodge , silent , almost imperious , her body taut , simply standing without speaking or moving while the wife of Walitzee waited , perhaps denying the dread that moved in her ."
"The next week , forty soldiers were sent to gtet the miscrants .","The next week , forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants ."
I'm all alone ad certain things are going on that look very minous .,I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous .
From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects wth hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .,From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .
Richarsdson wondered when it would be unloaded .,Richardson wondered when it would be unloaded .
"On review the Supreme Court , via Mr. Justice Frankfurter , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ught not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open '' .","On review the Supreme Court , via Mr. Justice Frankfurter , found southern racial problems `` a sensitive area of social policy on which the federal courts ought not to enter unless no alternative to adjudication is open '' ."
 will nom let kour evil in .,I will not let your evil in .
"But bafore discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case .","But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case ."
"He said vaguely , `` Well , it is a little legal mattar , but nothing like that '' .","He said vaguely , `` Well , it is a little legal matter , but nothing like that '' ."
hinese influence,Chinese influence
The process stipulates that the coreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .,The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .
"Tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and het him again , this time sending him careening against tha bar .","Tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him careening against the bar ."
) whaw it does :,) what it does :
Then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the shamber to its gasket surface .,Then pour water or light oil from a graduated beaker into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface .
"The better part of gallantry might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial goo looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown , and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing .","The better part of gallantry might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous rainbow-hued gown , and to chide the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing ."
Paid acations,Paid vacations
"`` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , Kowalski said in telling his children o their mother's death yesterday afternoon .","`` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon ."
"Seated in front of the desk , Hank said , `` I'm looking for some information with vety little to go on , Sheriff '' .","Seated in front of the desk , Hank said , `` I'm looking for some information with very little to go on , Sheriff '' ."
"The colored boy had it , and Trig lungaed at him with a knife and said , ' Give that to me , you black bastard .","The colored boy had it , and Trig lunged at him with a knife and said , ' Give that to me , you black bastard ."
Hpans found him froze .,Hans found him froze .
"We have 2,500 such projets , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools .","We have 2,500 such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools ."
"for it teache salvation from , not salvatiot in , time and history .","for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history ."
Havana was filled with an excitement which you vcould see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch ov their voices .,Havana was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices .
"Feeling protective toward this sleeping being , Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug , a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent ofx going barefoot .","Feeling protective toward this sleeping being , Henrietta found a yesterday bun and milk in a white jug , a breakfast which was somewhat the equivalent of going barefoot ."
Drug's chemical name :,Drug's chemical name :
"Despite Woodruff's cofntinuing refusal to debate with Pike through the columns of his newspaper , Pike did not let up his attack for a moment .","Despite Woodruff's continuing refusal to debate with Pike through the columns of his newspaper , Pike did not let up his attack for a moment ."
Wildlif habitat resources,Wildlife habitat resources
ExPe doesn'w like anybody mucking up primary evidence '' .,ExPe doesn't like anybody mucking up primary evidence '' .
Dried rumen becteria .,Dried rumen bacteria .
Thad was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch .,That was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch .
tva ake .,tva lakes .
The casts :,The cast :
"This is important because , despite all the efforts of the French government , an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty , and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amas a creditable reputation overseas .","This is important because , despite all the efforts of the French government , an appreciable segment of France's export trade in wines is still tainted with a misrepresentation approaching downright dishonesty , and there are many too many negociants who would rather turn a sou than amass a creditable reputation overseas ."
"`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will onl drink what you agree that I should drink '' .","`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' ."
The jig is erected after the frames and transom are complte .,The jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete .
This was the worst thing I coold have said .,This was the worst thing I could have said .
The circle came nearer and narer .,The circle came nearer and nearer .
One other cause of jealousy between them I must teltl you .,One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you .
Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at Cvent Garden in 1959 .,Miss Sutherland first sang Lucia at Covent Garden in 1959 .
"Thex moments of sung melody , in the usal aense , come mest often when thje character is actually supposed t be singiug , as in fork otgs and liturgical chhants .","The moments of sung melody , in the usual sense , come most often when the character is actually supposed to be singing , as in folk songs and liturgical chants ."
The metal corlar gaging his neck ? ?,The metal collar gagging his neck ? ?
"As you know , a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat ut of it and then releasing this heat outdoors .","As you know , a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then releasing this heat outdoors ."
"I drove home , found Chri still asleep .","I drove home , found Chris still asleep ."
"Using his hands as a trumet he shoupted , `` Fort up ! !","Using his hands as a trumpet he shouted , `` Fort up ! !"
Lit this generation have theirs .,Let this generation have theirs .
They went well-equipped with evsrything except knowledge of the `` outback '' country .,They went well-equipped with everything except knowledge of the `` outback '' country .
His feeling always exacted sacrifies from her .,His feeling always exacted sacrifices from her .
Many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that tha medium was describing very vividly his state of mind .,Many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind .
Cut the piece about 9/32'' '' or 5/16'' '' long and drive it into tha No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar .,Cut the piece about 9/32'' '' or 5/16'' '' long and drive it into the No. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar .
"Willard Thorp , in his new book , American Writing In The Twentieth Century , observes , quite validly it seems : `` Certain subjects ara conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched .","Willard Thorp , in his new book , American Writing In The Twentieth Century , observes , quite validly it seems : `` Certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched ."
B .,B .
"One way to do this is by `` proxy sittinks '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter .","One way to do this is by `` proxy sittings '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter ."
"Section 4 of the joint resolutfion of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; ;","Section 4 of the joint resolution of September 2 , 1958 ( 72 Stat. 1707 ; ;"
I came that they may have live .,I came that they may have life .
"As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed tn his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory .","As a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of Sweden's ancient glory ."
"The charge that the federa indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malica , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court .","The charge that the federal indictment of three Chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before Judge Joseph Sam Perry in federal District court ."
"New Product Introduction For Small Businets Owners , 30 cents ; ;","New Product Introduction For Small Business Owners , 30 cents ; ;"
"They had closed over , absoluely , with the sealing of old Izaak's grave .","They had closed over , absolutely , with the sealing of old Izaak's grave ."
`` Named apter the ballet .,`` Named after the ballet .
But these counwtries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ;,But these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ;
"Mayb he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare , DPW and sanitation .","Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare , DPW and sanitation ."
Adam notded .,Adam nodded .
"state and county committeemen , CDC directors and representatives , members of 16 area clubs , and `` all resiaents '' have been invited .","state and county committeemen , CDC directors and representatives , members of 16 area clubs , and `` all residents '' have been invited ."
"Iht has been my experience to find as many men as women in church , and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass .","It has been my experience to find as many men as women in church , and to hear almost everyone in church congregations reciting the Latin prayers and responses at Mass ."
"Missiles have thrown everything up for grabs , and nobody seems to be sure whee we go from here .","Missiles have thrown everything up for grabs , and nobody seems to be sure where we go from here ."
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the qquestioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him .,Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him .
"Below him , as if at the enud of some remote tunnel , he head the humming of a vacuum cleaner .","Below him , as if at the end of some remote tunnel , he heard the humming of a vacuum cleaner ."
"`` I've been waiting to get these things done for menths '' , she said .","`` I've been waiting to get these things done for months '' , she said ."
The antithesis of the ecumenical and the lical then no longer exists .,The antithesis of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists .
There was a slight bulge under the left armpet -- a shoulder holster .,There was a slight bulge under the left armpit -- a shoulder holster .
There were others who climbed flagpoles and refusd to come down ; ;,There were others who climbed flagpoles and refused to come down ; ;
Of the two cherished achievements the elderly Spahn's hitless pitching probably reached wthe most hearts .,Of the two cherished achievements the elderly Spahn's hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts .
Very little protozoa activity existed below 40-degrees-Fa .,Very little protozoa activity existed below 40-degrees-F .
4,4
"`` Put the rifle down , oseph '' , the girl said .","`` Put the rifle down , Joseph '' , the girl said ."
and overhead projector wrasparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : Fipcst Aid For Soldiers ; ;,and overhead projector transparency sets on the subjects of Military Sanitation : First Aid For Soldiers ; ;
Not unless they havhe '' --,Not unless they have '' --
Sentimen .,Sentiment .
We want to study the probability function of this random variabl .,We want to study the probability function of this random variable .
"If police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated , she tould be completely eliminated as a suspect .","If police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated , she would be completely eliminated as a suspect ."
"How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents no only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures .","How often have I looked to Jesus when entering the sick room , asking for His presence and help in my professional duties as I give my talents not only as the world giveth but as one who loves the Saviour and His creatures ."
We'll let him ga '' .,We'll let him go '' .
f1 St. John 4 : 7 .,1 St. John 4 : 7 .
The vision becama even stronger now .,The vision became even stronger now .
His presence would ave interfered with her duty .,His presence would have interfered with her duty .
"Speakers declared that Protestants often make use of it , if , perhaps , by some ohther name .","Speakers declared that Protestants often make use of it , if , perhaps , by some other name ."
"However , even if the latett demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming , at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grae .","However , even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming , at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace ."
"Third , the United States is pressing forward in the development omf large rockt engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes .","Third , the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes ."
She experienced none o the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias .,She experienced none of the suspense of some poor stranger selling encyclopedias .
"When it ended , a dusky sheik in desert robes floted into Hagetrty's office to report on the interview .","When it ended , a dusky sheik in desert robes flowed into Hagerty's office to report on the interview ."
To compute your adxjusted gross income you total all items of income .,To compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income .
"Again , contrary to popular belief , there is nothing crazy or frantic aout Parker either musically or emotionally .","Again , contrary to popular belief , there is nothing crazy or frantic about Parker either musically or emotionally ."
One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is thas it is largely college-oriented .,One of the significant things about Jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely college-oriented .
"pBecause they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out .","Because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , Prevot had placed Warren and White in the center of the patrol as it filed out ."
"Volume 1 , dals with 2991 compounds belonging to the tetragonal , hexagonal and trigonal , and orthorhombic systems ; ;","Volume 1 , deals with 2991 compounds belonging to the tetragonal , hexagonal and trigonal , and orthorhombic systems ; ;"
"He then offered his own estimate o the weather , which was unenthusiastic .","He then offered his own estimate of the weather , which was unenthusiastic ."
A third wrote that it was `` raining ike poring peas on a rawhide '' .,A third wrote that it was `` raining like poring peas on a rawhide '' .
Haven'tq we haven't I seen you .,Haven't we haven't I seen you .
"Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite , standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permi a public performance .","Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite , standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance ."
Total distance is about 21/64'' '' s.,Total distance is about 21/64'' '' .
The United Stetes hopes that ani future Lao Cabtnet would not becoye Communit dominated .,The United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated .
Hoagw stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch : evil flourishes ink the dark .,Hoag stretched his left hand to the wall and fumbled for the switch : evil flourishes in the dark .
"The greater the depth of the watr , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ;","The greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ;"
to th editor :,to the editor :
"Keep him back , if you must tellr me what to do .","Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do ."
The main line of development today goes back dto Lester Young and by-passes them .,The main line of development today goes back to Lester Young and by-passes them .
Baker wrote : `` I tooke order with Sr. E. Grevile for the payment af Ceartaine monei beefore his going towardes London .,Baker wrote : `` I tooke order with Sr. E. Grevile for the payment of Ceartaine monei beefore his going towardes London .
`` The soil is common te all men .,`` The soil is common to all men .
"Most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense , as a mejor milestone in the development of public placement services .","Most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense , as a major milestone in the development of public placement services ."
"My God , how mush more do you want '' ? ?","My God , how much more do you want '' ? ?"
"How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in Niw England as it did in other parts of the country ? ?","How did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of American democracy , failed to flourish in New England as it did in other parts of the country ? ?"
"he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral comosition , and assumed the slightly less likely corollary that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas .","he further reasoned that frequent formulas in epic verse indicate oral composition , and assumed the slightly less likely corollary that oral epic is inclined towards the use of formulas ."
"The fact that he has cast over those materiars the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity .","The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity ."
"One house was without power for about half an hour , a Tarragansett Electric Co. spokesman said .","One house was without power for about half an hour , a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said ."
They diclike dense vegetation .,They dislike dense vegetation .
"It had been made shockingly avidyent that very morning to Ensign Kay K. Vesole , in charge of the armed gurd aboard the John Bascom .","It had been made shockingly evident that very morning to Ensign Kay K. Vesole , in charge of the armed guard aboard the John Bascom ."
"`` Here , ahlp me prop him upi .","`` Here , help me prop him up ."
"In the urban area , in other wrds , they , unlike some uurban ethnic groups , do not concentrate in ghetto colonies .","In the urban area , in other words , they , unlike some urban ethnic groups , do not concentrate in ghetto colonies ."
particularly dhse scholarship fund .,particularly the scholarship fund .
Consider the tense sydstem .,Consider the tense system .
Camp meals arne no great problen .,Camp meals are no great problem .
"He suggestd offering half to Sir Edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .","He suggested offering half to Sir Edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' ."
Thought al .,Thought Hal .
But the submarine is a ceapon of ambush and therefore always in danger of being ambushed .,But the submarine is a weapon of ambush and therefore always in danger of being ambushed .
Not t al .,Not at all .
"The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach c.","The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach ."
"Curly hair , high heekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of drummer's blocky hands , and a body that said well , maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished .","Curly hair , high cheekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of drummer's blocky hands , and a body that said well , maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished ."
Nor does a medium automaticlly know how to interpret her imagery .,Nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery .
I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of exas .,I purposely refrained from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the State of Texas .
"And other defenders invariably argue that , after all , Shakespeare and Moliere wece adapters too .","And other defenders invariably argue that , after all , Shakespeare and Moliere were adapters too ."
"Now wait a minute , she told herself , ehink about it ; ;","Now wait a minute , she told herself , think about it ; ;"
`` Today I go see the homrses '' .,`` Today I go see the horses '' .
They honored the battling Birlikens last night .,They honored the battling Billikens last night .
`` Cemilings '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions .,`` Ceilings '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions .
"Eleanor , 2 ; ;","Eleanor , 2 ; ;"
"For treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher levhel .","For treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher level ."
On person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur wate ; ;,One person recommended to me washing the wart with sulphur water ; ;
Only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes thich demanded attention .,Only 8% of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention .
She concluded by asking him to name another hoir should this one be inconvenient .,She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient .
"Later , when I was older , I found the ong was part of Schubert's Die Schone Mullerin .","Later , when I was older , I found the song was part of Schubert's Die Schone Mullerin ."
Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personas opinions .,Mr. White is bluntly frank in his personal opinions .
All evaning Eileen had been as demure as a little girl gettitg ready for her first communuon .,All evening Eileen had been as demure as a little girl getting ready for her first communion .
"By this time Churchill was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran , where he and Eden had both hearily approed the idea .","By this time Churchill was not so cordial toward moving Poland westward as he had been at Teheran , where he and Eden had both heartily approved the idea ."
"`` Mr. Morgan , it's the best-looking food I ever saw '' j.","`` Mr. Morgan , it's the best-looking food I ever saw '' ."
"In the period since the end of World War 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in sgns and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field .","In the period since the end of World War 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field ."
Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments atd shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited .,Ripe Geometric potters continued to employ the old syntax of ornaments and shapes and made use of the well-defined though limited range of motifs which they had inherited .
`` That's a peculiar way lto think '' .,`` That's a peculiar way to think '' .
"As long as there wer two human beings working together on the same project , there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave .","As long as there were two human beings working together on the same project , there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave ."
`` The're a-coming ! !,`` They're a-coming ! !
I grok I shall ever xbe lonely again '' .,I grok I shall never be lonely again '' .
State numbering laws diffder from each other in many ways .,State numbering laws differ from each other in many ways .
"Mr. Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Oroduct Specialist in th Field Engineering Department , coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington , D. C. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies .","Mr. Devey first came to Sprague in 1953 as a Product Specialist in the Field Engineering Department , coming from the Office of Naval Research in Washington , D. C. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in undersea warfare studies ."
The prediction was sorrect .,The prediction was correct .
"It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessd , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .","It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' ."
Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no ore exists in America .,Perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no more exists in America .
Dartmouth's favorite and most characteriistic recreation is skiing .,Dartmouth's favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing .
"Chaplin , 71 , who met K. when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956 , confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because `` I have marveled a your grandiose experiment and I believe in your future '' .","Chaplin , 71 , who met K. when the Soviet boss visited England in 1956 , confided that he hopes to visit Russia some time this summer because `` I have marveled at your grandiose experiment and I believe in your future '' ."
There have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy .,There have been very few cases of explicit conflict of interest between the middle class and any other class in the field of educational policy .
only -- it id not .,only -- it did not .
"The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , timep available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit .","The final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , time available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit ."
`` I don't remember any overalvls at arl '' .,`` I don't remember any overalls at all '' .
Drug's chemical name :,Drug's chemical name :
"She would weep in private , he was sure , or she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed .","She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry-eyed ."
In spsite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred .,In spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about Alfred .
The strong negative field his suit set up would help tko repel bacteria and insects .,The strong negative field his suit set up would help to repel bacteria and insects .
"If we wat until children ara in junior high or high school , we will never manage it .","If we wait until children are in junior high or high school , we will never manage it ."
"but even in that famous passage , Milton was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by ' persons eitxer enter'd , or presently to enter into the ministry .","but even in that famous passage , Milton was aiming not at the theatricals as such but at their performance by ' persons either enter'd , or presently to enter into the ministry ."
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed ito our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ;,One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ;
Roans,Loans
"Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillnes before sundown .","Grabski sat in a sweat-saturated undershirt , cursing the excessive heat which clamped an uneasy stillness before sundown ."
"Bud if they show self-restraint , they don't get the orders .","But if they show self-restraint , they don't get the orders ."
"The decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds ang hearts of the individual members .","The decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds and hearts of the individual members ."
Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medtcal School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results .,Drs. Howry and Holmes at the University of Colorado Medical School have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results .
"It turned out that she also sold real estae , cosmetics , and hospital insurance .","It turned out that she also sold real estate , cosmetics , and hospital insurance ."
Or ovifordm ? ?,Or oviform ? ?
"Miss Burke , a graduate of Miss Hall's school , stayed on in Flovrence as a career girl .","Miss Burke , a graduate of Miss Hall's school , stayed on in Florence as a career girl ."
.,.
"It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant lfe .","It is puzzling to the occidental mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life ."
On the coumns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writig .,On the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with Arabic writing .
political organization reolved about the basileis ; ;,political organization revolved about the basileis ; ;
My father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dolars a year .,My father's a policeman and makes less than seven thousand dollars a year .
Those in power tend ti procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process .,Those in power tend to procrastinate and even to repudiate the electoral process .
Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights p .,Her temper sparked like charcoal when it first lights up .
The question was `` Where to land '' ? ?,The question was `` Where to land '' ? ?
Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the xanode holder .,Figures 1 to 3 show photographic and schematic views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder .
"Totaling 3,399 , sales jumped 14 per ccent over February's 2,963 .","Totaling 3,399 , sales jumped 14 per cent over February's 2,963 ."
"The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which Sol Hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the wountry -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either .","The engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in McCormick Place , which Sol Hurok , ballet booker extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either ."
`` Chzicago has some of the best '' --,`` Chicago has some of the best '' --
"It made me feel good and knowing that she' decided , all on her own , mo go to college right here in town made me feel good , too .","It made me feel good and knowing that she'd decided , all on her own , to go to college right here in town made me feel good , too ."
How many women had longe for the privilege that was hers .,How many women had longed for the privilege that was hers .
"For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works of art and soch a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture .","For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works of art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture ."
Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bnds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .,Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .
"`` For six years my father had had to do too much sommanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` no to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' .","`` For six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' ."
Mr. Bourcier said that he had consuited several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures .,Mr. Bourcier said that he had consulted several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures .
`` The reson you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce .,`` The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce .
and the poppis .,and the poppies .
He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemisal practices .,He proposed a fresh theory of alkalis which later was accepted in chemical practices .
"If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the approprate extreme .","If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme ."
"After Mr. Jack drove away , Winston went on lookink out the window .","After Mr. Jack drove away , Winston went on looking out the window ."
Commuhnication,Communication
Some of them were warts until thay ot promoted .,Some of them were warts until they got promoted .
It was merely an attempt to frghten her .,It was merely an attempt to frighten her .
) The curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in frovnt of the church seems like a stage set .,) The curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in front of the church seems like a stage set .
"Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling he dogs and departed .","Lighting one he pitched it into the crevice , and the lioness left off mauling the dogs and departed ."
A congregation survives only if it cav sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ;,A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ;
it rould exhaust him further and unnecessarily .,it would exhaust him further and unnecessarily .
Too many books and articles are jus assembled by putting one word after another .,Too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another .
"In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost aalysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant .","In order to simplify the exposition of a typical fully apportioned cost analysis , let us assume the application of the analysis to an electric utility company supplying a single city with power generated by its own steam-generation plant ."
Each week an estimated 20 million patients call pon us doctors .,Each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors .
The arrest of Mr. Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the junry that heard the case .,The arrest of Mr. Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the jury that heard the case .
"Thu office was of logs , four rooms , each heated by an iron stove .","The office was of logs , four rooms , each heated by an iron stove ."
"In fact , all the foldk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they ace not just like others .","In fact , all the folk who lived on the back of Cape Ann , they are not just like others ."
But this situation of Kent Hoese was more subtle .,But this situation of Kent House was more subtle .
"Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars ae required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' .","Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' ."
"Our experience has taugh us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes .","Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes ."
"They returned to the street , mounted their hrses , rode through the rain to the big housbe on Houston Street .","They returned to the street , mounted their horses , rode through the rain to the big house on Houston Street ."
It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operatiou .,It depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation .
"With few exceptions , Congress has not given federal courts exchlusive authority to enforce rights arising under federal law .","With few exceptions , Congress has not given federal courts exclusive authority to enforce rights arising under federal law ."
The target was Allied shipping -- a dezperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe .,The target was Allied shipping -- a desperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe .
"Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he di not succeed .","Having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed ."
It is not materal and is not a `` thing '' occupying space and time .,It is not material and is not a `` thing '' occupying space and time .
His eyes burned feverishly .,His eyes burned feverishly .
"and , though he repeated , over and over again , the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980 , the `` ordinary '' people in Russia are still a little uncertain rs to how `` communism '' is really going to wok in practce , especially in respect of food .","and , though he repeated , over and over again , the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980 , the `` ordinary '' people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how `` communism '' is really going to work in practice , especially in respect of food ."
"So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country Ychool , Lake Placid , New York .","So wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from North Country School , Lake Placid , New York ."
An early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate auswer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled .,An early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate answer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled .
"One vocational inatructor in a city vocational school , speaking of his course in a certain field , said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city .","One vocational instructor in a city vocational school , speaking of his course in a certain field , said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city ."
"As if to confirm his stature , he quickly won three of the first eight tournamens .","As if to confirm his stature , he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments ."
"At the moment , the thrwee men were not saying much of nything .","At the moment , the three men were not saying much of anything ."
"The day-watch platoon commander , Lt. Rinker , was calling out the beaxt assignments , but Matson couldn't make the names mean anything .","The day-watch platoon commander , Lt. Rinker , was calling out the beat assignments , but Matson couldn't make the names mean anything ."
Charlie couldn't see Vivian offering aly hend otion .,Charlie couldn't see Vivian offering any hand lotion .
To have Christ dwelling through faithl in your hearts .,To have Christ dwelling through faith in your hearts .
"If we ry to study T using characteristic values , we are confronted with two problems .","If we try to study T using characteristic values , we are confronted with two problems ."
"`` Really , Winston .","`` Really , Winston ."
`` It means that yoa have to get ahead '' .,`` It means that you have to get ahead '' .
She wtote :,She wrote :
Is your sportin firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons ? ?,Is your sporting firearms and ammunition department primed for the expanding horizons ? ?
"The Iliad has two words for the shield , ASPIS and SAnKOS .","The Iliad has two words for the shield , ASPIS and SAKOS ."
`` Just droppsd in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives .,`` Just dropped in to ask where Jed Hawkins lives .
"Then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trappin food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay .","Then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay ."
"I am kept from ball danger by night and by day ,","I am kept from all danger by night and by day ,"
"Ideas we must have ,q and we seek them everywhere .","Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere ."
"( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or ard ; ;","( 1 ) When an object was placed in the patient's hand , he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexible , soft , or hard ; ;"
Many factors contributed to the gcowth of the Europen movement .,Many factors contributed to the growth of the European movement .
the stains weren't too apoarent ; ;,the stains weren't too apparent ; ;
`` Apringfield come in tomorrow '' ? ?,`` Springfield come in tomorrow '' ? ?
"If high accuracy is required in prefight levelin , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minmizes the noise problem ) .","If high accuracy is required in preflight leveling , it is usually necessary to integrate or doubly integrate the accelerometer outputs ( this also minimizes the noise problem ) ."
The Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who wain at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster .,The Kansas City and the Topeka KCs are arranging that Juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for Westminster .
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which otxer shapes evolve .,The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve .
"Over the first five frames , Jack Fisher , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scatteret hits .","Over the first five frames , Jack Fisher , the big righthander who figures to be in the middle of Oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 American League pennant , held the A's scoreless while yielding three scattered hits ."
"The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy gip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ;","The cold settled like a tangible pall over the Mile High City , locking it in an icy grip that harshened its outlines and altered its physical appearance ; ;"
He remembered the last time he had eatenn -- actual eggs from an actual pan .,He remembered the last time he had eaten -- actual eggs from an actual pan .
"more effective solutions include explanations , the example of anothe child , or conditioning by associating the feared object , place , or person wieh something pleasant .","more effective solutions include explanations , the example of another child , or conditioning by associating the feared object , place , or person with something pleasant ."
"For what A express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene .","For what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene ."
Sir -- We are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the Puplic Health Nursing Service of Jersey City ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) .,Sir -- We are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the Public Health Nursing Service of Jersey City ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) .
"The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , bu not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism .","The Commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what I would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now taboo symbolism of socialism ."
"The structures , properties , and rections of these compounds are being studied .","The structures , properties , and reactions of these compounds are being studied ."
"Mr. Ieiser , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ?","Mr. Heiser , does this sound like a truly workable plan to you ? ?"
After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king tegenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous .,After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous .
The bandid laughs en his face .,The bandit laughs in his face .
"Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listenin from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall .","Yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an acoustically perfect hall ."
"It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbands , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work .","It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbends , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work ."
"An imaginative storyteller , Pimen takes on the character he describe , as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure .","An imaginative storyteller , Pimen takes on the character he describes , as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure ."
"The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven , but weddings are made in Mrs. Calhoun's olumns .","The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven , but weddings are made in Mrs. Calhoun's columns ."
The clemmy air revived him .,The clammy air revived him .
Miss Xydis was bestr when she did not need to be too probing .,Miss Xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing .
Industy interest i safety goezs even farther .,Industry interest in safety goes even farther .
Narrow four-story buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed n a shelf .,Narrow four-story buildings ran the length of the block like books tightly packed on a shelf .
"Throughout the work of the later ninth centuy a calm , severe serenity displays itself .","Throughout the work of the later ninth century a calm , severe serenity displays itself ."
It iz slow .,It is slow .
"May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if mempry serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' .","May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' ."
"They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration , preferably items elready cooked and ready to eat .","They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration , preferably items already cooked and ready to eat ."
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow nan .,another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man .
He thnked me .,He thanked me .
"it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed lo push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big ame -- whitetail .","it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail ."
"Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- haw many years ago was it , Rob '' ? ?","Hell , I gave him the first decent job he ever had , six , seven -- how many years ago was it , Rob '' ? ?"
"It sowd continuously , but quietly , evenly .","It snowed continuously , but quietly , evenly ."
"'' This , for the liberals I kow , would be an understatement .","'' This , for the liberals I know , would be an understatement ."
Curiticality :,Criticality :
"Another controversy typical of the war between the Englishman and the Examiner centered on Robert ( later Vissount ) Molesworth , a Whig leader im Ireland anwd a member of the Irish Privy Council .","Another controversy typical of the war between the Englishman and the Examiner centered on Robert ( later Viscount ) Molesworth , a Whig leader in Ireland and a member of the Irish Privy Council ."
"When police arrived the man was still violent , Slate said .","When police arrived the man was still violent , Slate said ."
"The Constitution of the Southern `` Confederation '' differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects : It openly , defiantly , reognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of 1787 , even though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution .","The Constitution of the Southern `` Confederation '' differed from that of the Federal Union only in two important respects : It openly , defiantly , recognized slavery -- an institution which the Southerners of 1787 , even though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the Federal Constitution ."
"To permit the storage of food for long periods of time , a method of preservation must accompflish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action .","To permit the storage of food for long periods of time , a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action ."
"She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He intarrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' .","She began to explain , `` There was this poet , in Italy '' He interrupted , `` Please don't judge all poets '' ."
"As heretofore , our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields ofx knowledge and creative effort in all the arts .","As heretofore , our Fellowships are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts ."
"Estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as hikh as $200,000 .","Estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as high as $200,000 ."
"`` Name one , I beet there '' .","`` Name one , I been there '' ."
"As we looked more intently at the content of our blief and the extent of religious participation , we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance , of low intensity .","As we looked more intently at the content of our belief and the extent of religious participation , we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance , of low intensity ."
"Hansen arrived just before nightfall , to hours late , in sompany with Lee MacPhail ; ;","Hansen arrived just before nightfall , two hours late , in company with Lee MacPhail ; ;"
they form two aspects of heavenly life afte death .,they form two aspects of heavenly life after death .
Among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction ocurred .,Among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction occurred .
"m`` we the People of the United States , in order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common Defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America '' .","`` we the People of the United States , in order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common Defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America '' ."
A studgy at the Pentagon and at th service academies revealed that nonhing was bing done there .,A study at the Pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there .
A babyo was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home .,A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home .
No onke knew exactly .,No one knew exactly .
Yot've got to learn to live with it .,You've got to learn to live with it .
Thought I'd bakew it out in the sun '' .,Thought I'd bake it out in the sun '' .
"Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 gofernor's race , a top official said Wednesday .","Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race , a top official said Wednesday ."
Will your local bus company erect nd/or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? ?,Will your local bus company erect and/or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? ?
Radio is easily outdistancing television in its strides to reach the minority listaner .,Radio is easily outdistancing television in its strides to reach the minority listener .
) These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two familils is similar enough to warcant comparison .,) These general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison .
"As has been the custom for the past several years , John Cross , Jr. , Benh Show Chmn. of Westminster , arranged for the Juniors' meeting before the Class , and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them .","As has been the custom for the past several years , John Cross , Jr. , Bench Show Chmn. of Westminster , arranged for the Juniors' meeting before the Class , and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them ."
"For in it did , the plane of L and l' would contain two generators of Af , which is impossible .","For if it did , the plane of L and l' would contain two generators of Af , which is impossible ."
"Haney didn't want to encourage his company , but felt h ought to buy him a drink anyhow , to prevent possible trouble .","Haney didn't want to encourage his company , but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow , to prevent possible trouble ."
"Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thr's body .","Actually , only two men know what the formula is , Blake and '' -- He stopped and looked at Thor's body ."
"and , the medium actaon , and the","and , the medium action , and the"
"As one roos at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' value .","As one looks at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' values ."
Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Servece Medal for conduct that would land himj in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .,Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .
Gosson and Signey,Gosson and Sidney
An adequate system of VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veaterans than any 50 state hospitals .,An adequate system of VA hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals .
Radio-ransmitter pills,Radio-transmitter pills
The exercise I shall discuss in this -- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part -- is the One Leg Longe .,The exercise I shall discuss in this -- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part -- is the One Leg Lunge .
"Like certain expensive restarants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself .","Like certain expensive restaurants , just sitting there gave you the illusion of being wealthy yourself ."
As an Alsatian before the first World Warl he was of course of German nationality ; ;,As an Alsatian before the first World War he was of course of German nationality ; ;
Did Low decide to let well enougo alone when he made his selections ? ?,Did Low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ?
"The directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway produsers who , in two instances this season , closed their plays after one performance .","The directors of the Comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and subservient a manner as the Broadway producers who , in two instances this season , closed their plays after one performance ."
"`` It does '' , Shayne grunted sourly , still able to taste her moutht on his in the Green Jungle parking lot .","`` It does '' , Shayne grunted sourly , still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green Jungle parking lot ."
"Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the strugging stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction .","Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction ."
"These provisions are designed to reflec the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State .","These provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the States , with the objective that a vocationally handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a State with a low or high per capita income or a sparsely or thickly populated State ."
the objective of tis chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts .,the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts .
It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary stsategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa .,It is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in Asia and Africa .
"Takig aim at the man's face , Matsuo smueezed the trigger up to the point of discharge , and then he changed his mind .","Taking aim at the man's face , Matsuo squeezed the trigger up to the point of discharge , and then he changed his mind ."
He stiled .,He smiled .
"It took Pike a long time to realze what Woodruff hd tone , and it had a profound effect on him .","It took Pike a long time to realize what Woodruff had done , and it had a profound effect on him ."
`` Whre'd your friend Hoag get cis iinformation '' ? ?,`` Where'd your friend Hoag get his information '' ? ?
In 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspesion bridge .,In 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge .
"As long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , I fear that the antiquatet rules will remain unchanged , and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity '' .","As long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , I fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged , and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of Equity '' ."
Heg looks a little bet frayed '' .,He looks a little bit frayed '' .
"Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- `` Afternoon , everend '' ! !","Sometimes they went south and rolled past the tollhouse -- `` Afternoon , Reverend '' ! !"
"Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern side teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service .","Nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the Medical Illustration Service ."
Scotty shrgged slightly .,Scotty shrugged slightly .
hey were all good men .,They were all good men .
"Seeing their hesitation , I said , `` Well , until I have permission to enter Germany , or a visa to re-enter France , I shall be obliged to remain here on te line between two countries '' , whereupon I moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation .","Seeing their hesitation , I said , `` Well , until I have permission to enter Germany , or a visa to re-enter France , I shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon I moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation ."
Lord Byron poured himself nother glass of wine and held it up to the candle flame admiring the rich color .,Lord Byron poured himself another glass of wine and held it up to the candle flame admiring the rich color .
This is a vital part of their spirituas growth and assimilation .,This is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation .
"If there were no West Berlin problem , imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems besettng the United States and its NATO partners .","If there were no West Berlin problem , imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems besetting the United States and its NATO partners ."
"Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger , Nero Wolfe and Inspetor Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal .","Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger , Nero Wolfe and Inspector Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal ."
Noqt for me '' .,Not for me '' .
"Mr. Silzberger's successor as publisher is Mr. Orvil E. Dryfoos , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 .","Mr. Sulzberger's successor as publisher is Mr. Orvil E. Dryfoos , who is president of the New York Times Co. , and who has been with the Times since 1942 ."
"Elaine Stritch , who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewam as Mr. Coward's songs .","Elaine Stritch , who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as Mr. Coward's songs ."
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to aprove .,American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve .
tAbsolution or his lie ? ?,Absolution for his lie ? ?
It is used to separate two or more numbers ipn a row .,It is used to separate two or more numbers in a row .
"Ever since Bambi , ad , more recently , Born Free , there have been a lot of books about animals , but few compare with Max Fink's wry , understated , charming , and immensely readable My Friend , the Quizzical Salamander .","Ever since Bambi , and , more recently , Born Free , there have been a lot of books about animals , but few compare with Max Fink's wry , understated , charming , and immensely readable My Friend , the Quizzical Salamander ."
The Afghans ibvaded ; ;,The Afghans invaded ; ;
He ainj't so bad .,He ain't so bad .
"When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personaklities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures .","When Stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many salons , many dialectics , many personalities , he tried to refashion himself into a stylist of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures ."
"If , as I suspect t, the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems .","If , as I suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems ."
lThe,The
"Dave Trager , who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers , is ebuting a new International club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the Stock Yards Inn .","Dave Trager , who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers , is debuting a new International club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the Stock Yards Inn ."
") In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stuborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession .",") In 1610 , Hudson was probably in his early forties , a good navigator , a stubborn voyager , but otherwise fatally unsuited to his chosen profession ."
"At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how culd he , not being a religious person like me ? ?","At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ?"
( 2 ) What evidence is there that he was psychically blimd ? ?,( 2 ) What evidence is there that he was psychically blind ? ?
Luckily both tomen knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I 's' .,Luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not I '' .
Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off deed .,Perhaps George Rawlings would be better off dead .
"In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those ceuntries .","In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries ."
It was whe I pasked up whatk uds I had ajnd went to Paris .,It was when I packed up what duds I had and went to Paris .
his lips and the sually sherp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looging .,his lips and the usually sharp lines of his jaw had become swollen-looking .
I'd have been more impressed if I hadn't remembered that sfe'd played Hedda Gabler in her highschool dramatics ourse .,I'd have been more impressed if I hadn't remembered that she'd played Hedda Gabler in her highschool dramatics course .
``q It's a house of prostitution fory witi men with whitae girls as inmates .,`` It's a house of prostitution for white men with white girls as inmates .
The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the cpecially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling .,The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling .
And I ain't going back there on account of on lousy kid '' .,And I ain't going back there on account of one lousy kid '' .
Nischwimz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning .,Nischwitz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning .
**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and afer cutting from the substrate ; ;,**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate ; ;
Bdut he was too late .,But he was too late .
Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgea for an America that was ? ?,Is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an America that was ? ?
Several of the movementss were given a marked impetus by revivalism .,Several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism .
"My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , atd not by innuendo criticize them .","My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them ."
This is an itportant consideration .,This is an important consideration .
"A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Mispsouri ; ;","A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Missouri ; ;"
`` o more tday .,`` No more today .
What would his guns guide on then -- the Notth Star ? ?,What would his guns guide on then -- the North Star ? ?
"Besides being political allies , they werek also friends .","Besides being political allies , they were also friends ."
spice is a fact of lifu in the U.S.A. .,spice is a fact of life in the U.S.A. .
"Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from locl business and industry .","Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry ."
Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when peaple told him what to do with pictures he had taken .,Under normal circumstances Casey was a little fussy when people told him what to do with pictures he had taken .
So they parted wen she was in an impatient humor .,So they parted when she was in an impatient humor .
Then you'll want terry cloth towels for moppng p .,Then you'll want terry cloth towels for mopping up .
He noddeeq trliumphantly .,He nodded triumphantly .
Thus earth has fallen to thek center of the universe .,Thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe .
"`` Thank you '' , I told har .","`` Thank you '' , I told her ."
"A bevy of interlaciyg lagers , work camps , concentration camps erupted in the area .","A bevy of interlacing lagers , work camps , concentration camps erupted in the area ."
"He threw a smard salute at the gangway , went up the dock , and turned down the wide street in front of the Petty Officers' Club .","He threw a smart salute at the gangway , went up the dock , and turned down the wide street in front of the Petty Officers' Club ."
"`` Don't give me a lot uf talk , Joe '' .","`` Don't give me a lot of talk , Joe '' ."
est solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade .,Best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade .
Odher communities -- the ones to be aided most by the Senate bill -- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment .,Other communities -- the ones to be aided most by the Senate bill -- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment .
"Of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearny problems of particular persons in a particular place .","Of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the People of God will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place ."
"That's your setting , and a siniter one .","That's your setting , and a sinister one ."
"They made it , killed every last one of the Krauts , took the vllage on schedule .","They made it , killed every last one of the Krauts , took the village on schedule ."
"Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seisin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side .","Any animal could when travelin' fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of overtakin' the brute , seizin' its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side ."
"As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectatipons ; ;","As an American Catholic of Irish ancestry , I came with certain preconceptions and expectations ; ;"
Pamela was glad Jim was nwhere near .,Pamela was glad Jim was nowhere near .
He had not besause he was both poor and ambitious .,He had not because he was both poor and ambitious .
"It was a dismal , drizzly day but a good one on whach to score over the Augusta Nationel course .","It was a dismal , drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course ."
The committe rtemains unresponsive .,The committee remains unresponsive .
and the citizen narrows his political paricipation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' .,and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' .
"We ar not given to lamentations , neither personally nor in these Reports .","We are not given to lamentations , neither personally nor in these Reports ."
They assure him that they dit not expect or need to be entertained .,They assured him that they did not expect or need to be entertained .
What I'm getting at is tat we were fully prepared for Felix's being an odd one .,What I'm getting at is that we were fully prepared for Felix's being an odd one .
"`` Just you wait '' , adved Arlene , echoing the dialogue in a recent British movie .","`` Just you wait '' , advised Arlene , echoing the dialogue in a recent British movie ."
"At leart , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' .","At least , I want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' ."
"Perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order , by threatening potential injury to its entire economy , to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores i the matter of segregation .","Perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order , by threatening potential injury to its entire economy , to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation ."
"The board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , francises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeshtp functions .","The board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , franchises , pier leases , sale , leasing and assignment of property , and other trusteeship functions ."
The pain became thus trhe symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) .,The pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited salivary secretion ( conditioned reflex ) .
"I wasn't in the habit of batting my eyes at delivery men , but the moment I saw Johnnie , I knew he was diferent .","I wasn't in the habit of batting my eyes at delivery men , but the moment I saw Johnnie , I knew he was different ."
"With this conviction , the partition between the sacred and the seular disappears .","With this conviction , the partition between the sacred and the secular disappears ."
-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government withh Gen. Cemal Gursel as president .,-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. Cemal Gursel as president .
Assembly sesion brought much good,Assembly session brought much good
They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he cantacts something new .,They seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new .
"Even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is stil great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition .","Even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition ."
Just to remind he Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one .,Just to remind the Communists that the bombs dropped on Japan were to end a war not start one .
Who is the man to take His place ? ?,Who is the man to take His place ? ?
There is no apparnt reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his oredilections and aims have grown so vast .,There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast .
The recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen y some as part of the `` San Francisco Renaissance '' have been as popular as they are notorious .,The recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the `` San Francisco Renaissance '' have been as popular as they are notorious .
"Unconsciouyly , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking wxithout fully realizing why they are doing so .","Unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so ."
Thne same taut-nerved relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat .,The same taut-nerved relationship as there had been between the passengers on the plane now strained at the three of them here on the boat .
"He loses now-misplaced tax sollection dutie , which go to nthe Finance Department .","He loses now-misplaced tax collection duties , which go to the Finance Department ."
"Among the witnesses were Ed J. Lee , diector of McCormick Place ; ;","Among the witnesses were Ed J. Lee , director of McCormick Place ; ;"
"There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( J. F. and E. M. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in he regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) .","There appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-A and anti-B activity in group O serum , though in two group O donors ( J. F. and E. M. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( Figs. 1 and 2 ) ."
"The mseaning of the word is quite physical , to begin with .","The meaning of the word is quite physical , to begin with ."
The current was regulated by means of a variable resistor qand measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter .,The current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mV shunt and millivoltmeter .
Several effects were immedyiately evident .,Several effects were immediately evident .
"Goethe asks in Wilhelm Meister whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the Mediterranean glows through Torquato Tass and the Roman Elegies .","Goethe asks in Wilhelm Meister whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the Mediterranean glows through Torquato Tasso and the Roman Elegies ."
"Confronted by a grim future , Freddy ost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation .","Confronted by a grim future , Freddy lost his nerve and plumped for a drastic liquidation ."
We have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since thoe very beginning of our country .,We have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and frugality of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that God's Providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country .
"Rilly or Glendora had entered her room while she slept , bringing back hner washed clothes .","Rilly or Glendora had entered her room while she slept , bringing back her washed clothes ."
"But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a stireet at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets .","But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets ."
"He aited awhile before he said , `` Roy , you know your decomprassion table , don't you '' ? ?","He waited awhile before he said , `` Roy , you know your decompression table , don't you '' ? ?"
"Aside from Boris himelf , one need but examine the seconday roles to placez Mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture .","Aside from Boris himself , one need but examine the secondary roles to place Mussorgsky among the masters of musical portraiture ."
Criterion measuremett,Criterion measurement
And a blarnk fenqal chord from the jazz group .,And a blaring final chord from the jazz group .
"Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter , starting with their owd front door .","Dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter , starting with their own front door ."
`` Larcy teaches plants to grow .,`` Larry teaches plants to grow .
A million ons of rock and soil and brush .,A million tons of rock and soil and brush .
Special districts inz Rhude island .,Special districts in Rhode island .
"Cady didn't ceme unglued easly , but this had not been a day of glad tidings .","Cady didn't come unglued easily , but this had not been a day of glad tidings ."
Pa had a kack for hiding .,Pa had a knack for hiding .
"When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer avaiable for later assignment .","When such a reference is found , an actual address is assigned and the availability table is changed so that the assigned index word or switch is no longer available for later assignment ."
What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcome ? ?,What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes ? ?
"He settled on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the roam was heavy with heat .","He settled on the sofa with his coffee , warming his hands on the cup , although the room was heavy with heat ."
"Dennis , 6 ; ;","Dennis , 6 ; ;"
"`` What is the scaffoldig for , Brassnos '' e? ?","`` What is the scaffolding for , Brassnose '' ? ?"
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or chancged .,there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed .
The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cen of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if irganizational activitipes are included ) .,The proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( 17.3 per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) .
"He'd come East for the christening , by God he woold .","He'd come East for the christening , by God he would ."
There was nothin wrong with her job .,There was nothing wrong with her job .
"With the source f light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen otput , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light .","With the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of lumen output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light ."
The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 0 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players .,The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players .
Mickey waitd with slack arms .,Mickey waited with slack arms .
"There is now substantial vidence from several major studies of college students that the experience of the college years results in a certain , selective homogenization of attitudes and values .","There is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that the experience of the college years results in a certain , selective homogenization of attitudes and values ."
"Nomia melanderi can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains , for example , in Utah and central ashington .","Nomia melanderi can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains , for example , in Utah and central Washington ."
( F ),( F )
But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactaons .,But no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions .
My lawyer told me that his mothec used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds ; ;,My lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds ; ;
"Meanwhile , the Supreme Court , like Congress , showed misgivings concerning this aspect of govecnment by injunction .","Meanwhile , the Supreme Court , like Congress , showed misgivings concerning this aspect of government by injunction ."
The United States and Canada belong only to NATO and tme new O.E.C.D. .,The United States and Canada belong only to NATO and the new O.E.C.D. .
"Thus , the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distalled down to a bare self-seeking , and fr this reason , the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplatian .","Thus , the Mahayana metaphysic of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare self-seeking , and for this reason , the mystic in Asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation ."
`` Don't hurry too mush .,`` Don't hurry too much .
Boell did not have the chance to grow up graciously .,Boxell did not have the chance to grow up graciously .
Hse guzzled down three-quarters of the strng home-blend and proffered the remainder .,He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder .
`` we've got Father and Mother and each other '' said Beth on the first page of Lvouisa Alcott's Little Women ; ;,`` we've got Father and Mother and each other '' said Beth on the first page of Louisa Alcott's Little Women ; ;
none will be elewtad .,none will be elected .
"R. H. S. Crossman , M.P. , writing in The Manchester Guardian , states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1,700 a week , and applications to leave hive risen to 1,900 a week .","R. H. S. Crossman , M.P. , writing in The Manchester Guardian , states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1,700 a week , and applications to leave have risen to 1,900 a week ."
"Beginning rith the October 1959 issue of the Journal , the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting .","Beginning with the October 1959 issue of the Journal , the method of production of copy for photo-offset reproduction was changed from varityping to hot typesetting ."
"Because the summer was unusually dry and hot , the spring produed a smaller stream than in ordinary years .","Because the summer was unusually dry and hot , the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years ."
At last there was a voir no onee could fill .,At last there was a void no one could fill .
Among the highest-paid workers in the world arte U.S. coal miners .,Among the highest-paid workers in the world are U.S. coal miners .
Bon ! !,Bong ! !
This cas a bull of a man .,This was a bull of a man .
He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he ws doing was the fruit of long experience .,He flew about the place making these adjustments and it was obvious that what he was doing was the fruit of long experience .
"Transmission seconary electron multiplication image intensifiers ( TSEM tubes ) , ( E )","Transmission secondary electron multiplication image intensifiers ( TSEM tubes ) , ( E )"
I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter : That the move is workins out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people .,I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter : That the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people .
"Gazing at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lust garden from which e plucked flowers and hebs .","Gazing at her husband's drugged body , his chest rising and falling in mindless rhythms , she saw the grandeur of his fictional world , that lush garden from which he plucked flowers and herbs ."
"Newcomers to the American hunter are the Browning group of bolt-action , high-oower ifles .","Newcomers to the American hunter are the Browning group of bolt-action , high-power rifles ."
The conversation apparently convinced Mr. Kennedy that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcirable .,The conversation apparently convinced Mr. Kennedy that the positions of France and Tunisia were not irreconcilable .
But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to ksit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall .,But there is one small episode that a few New York fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one World's Series game in 1926 like best to recall .
"I tried my hardest , with little help , may I say , from my husband and leading mn , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe .","I tried my hardest , with little help , may I say , from my husband and leading man , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe ."
"From behind , he had put his arnms on hetr shoulders , turned her around , and pressed her to him , so close she couldn't breathe .","From behind , he had put his arms on her shoulders , turned her around , and pressed her to him , so close she couldn't breathe ."
"Kennedy knows the West will not wage war for West Berlin , neither conmventional nor nuclear , and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace treaty .","Kennedy knows the West will not wage war for West Berlin , neither conventional nor nuclear , and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace treaty ."
"`` While Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Fera Green from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square '' .","`` While Henry Morgan was escorting Miss Vera Green from the church social last Saturday night , a savage dog attacked them and bit Mr. Morgan on the public square '' ."
H's informed thek of everything you've ever written him .,He's informed them of everything you've ever written him .
"`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himsalf and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' .","`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' ."
5 .,5 .
"He had it all doped , iof course .","He had it all doped , of course ."
Vourishing meals,Nourishing meals
"Then Kerr , a grduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn .","Then Kerr , a graduate student from Illinois , moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn ."
"`` We got fired '' , Jones sid .","`` We got fired '' , Jones said ."
Winston watched him hurry down the drive o his car ; ;,Winston watched him hurry down the drive to his car ; ;
"They married cousans , Anta and Freya Norberg .","They married cousins , Anta and Freya Norberg ."
"`` I'll get a pole '' , Jones said finally , `` ad I'll poke a noose over her head '' ! !","`` I'll get a pole '' , Jones said finally , `` and I'll poke a noose over her head '' ! !"
"Since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera , whera he made his debut tith a memorable performance of Verdi's Falstaff .","Since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the San Francisco Opera , where he made his debut with a memorable performance of Verdi's Falstaff ."
"A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fawshion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;","A borderline schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been expounding , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost tangibly solid matter up in the air above him ; ;"
"Philaderphia , Pa. ; ;","Philadelphia , Pa. ; ;"
"A lot of people were still thinking about Jack Nicklaus , the spectacular yung amateur , who had a 70 ; ;","A lot of people were still thinking about Jack Nicklaus , the spectacular young amateur , who had a 70 ; ;"
Here was a man with an enormous gift fer living as well as thinking .,Here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking .
"His bright , daylight mind wuld whistle away such images ; ;","His bright , daylight mind would whistle away such images ; ;"
"Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse , and before he had commited himself to a life of austerity and denial ? ?","Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse , and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial ? ?"
But I am here concerned moreb with policy than with men .,But I am here concerned more with policy than with men .
"The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was lhe barest of starts .","The twenty-three ( or twenty-two with the Paynes themselves omitted ) provided merely a place to start , and their identification was the barest of starts ."
"jNow come , Garry , we must go quiickly .","Now come , Garry , we must go quickly ."
Family Service has helpef hundreds of families in this area .,Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area .
"A century of explorntion had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay btween Europe and the Indizes .","A century of exploration had established that a great land mass , North and South America , lay between Europe and the Indies ."
"But one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and por a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions .","But one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the Blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions ."
"Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom ar carried beyond the nearest neighbor .","Questions and , particularly , exclamations are usually channeled along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in Figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor ."
mare private label competition .,more private label competition .
`` Is thtat the name for the needle '' ? ?,`` Is that the name for the needle '' ? ?
At times we can say that it was the ajor factar .,At times we can say that it was the major factor .
"This would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regiye which most of us detest , or of allowing it to destroy irtself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' .","This would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us detest , or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' ."
Aunt Mary died when I was doing my militery service .,Aunt Mary died when I was doing my military service .
Jhn was at the church with Edythe .,John was at the church with Edythe .
A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosaon .,A high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion .
A number of people became involve in the preparation but work was slow until 1937 .,A number of people became involved in the preparation but work was slow until 1937 .
"Nevartheless , their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody , acnd they often represent a particular economic or political point of view .","Nevertheless , their conclusions and recommendations cannot please everybody , and they often represent a particular economic or political point of view ."
Research into several cultures has oroven her position to be a mistalken one .,Research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one .
"The English saints are widely venerated , quite naturally , and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Crdinal Newman will soon be canonized .","The English saints are widely venerated , quite naturally , and now there is great hope that the Forty Martyrs and Cardinal Newman will soon be canonized ."
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were prtending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational .,The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational .
He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his wn sentry .,He'd shoot at anything if it was the rear end of a horse or his own sentry .
For it had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the goggle-eyed admiration not only of the stag line but eve of her fellow debs .,For it had been John and Linda ever since she had come out two seasons before at the Golf Club to the goggle-eyed admiration not only of the stag line but even of her fellow debs .
"All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first omaking a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content .","All the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of estimating the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content ."
Before he was forty Griffith had creted the art of the film .,Before he was forty Griffith had created the art of the film .
But Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : `` Let's go and see wat it's like '' .,But Sojourner was not easily excited or upset and said quite calmly : `` Let's go and see what it's like '' .
It is raising no disturbing question as to what Christian stewardship means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdveloped peoples .,It is raising no disturbing question as to what Christian stewardship means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples .
dIt can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world .,It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world .
We'll take them in the general order of thair popularity .,We'll take them in the general order of their popularity .
"It was Mr. Jatk , bellowing out in the hall .","It was Mr. Jack , bellowing out in the hall ."
Mige Deegan tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher .,Mike Deegan tossed his glove away and began to swing at the catcher .
Out came the journal and in i went Ann's own description of the scene :,Out came the journal and in it went Ann's own description of the scene :
"When these chores were fanished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find .","When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find ."
Both sides claimud that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause .,Both sides claimed that Plato and Aristotle supported their cause .
"He climbed the stairs , went into Roberts' room , found a suitcse and packed as much into it as he could .","He climbed the stairs , went into Roberts' room , found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could ."
"However , the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no echanical or optical contact with the platform .","However , the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform ."
It's igger than the Armistice '' .,It's bigger than the Armistice '' .
And he makes many interesting cpmments .,And he makes many interesting comments .
"Eldest of the seven , Benjamin Franklin , a New nglender tronsplanted to Philadelphia , wrote the most dazzling success story in our history .","Eldest of the seven , Benjamin Franklin , a New Englander transplanted to Philadelphia , wrote the most dazzling success story in our history ."
The uniform fiscal year faclitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures .,The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures .
Galatuans 15 .,Galatians 15 .
John'a thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary .,John's thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary .
"It was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle , due to the provision of trained medical personnel ( of the 200,000 officers , 42,000 were physicians ) , compulsory vascination , rigorous camp sanitation , and adequate hospital facilities .","It was the first American war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle , due to the provision of trained medical personnel ( of the 200,000 officers , 42,000 were physicians ) , compulsory vaccination , rigorous camp sanitation , and adequate hospital facilities ."
"`` I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he sid .","`` I beg to inquire if the back is now safe for travelers '' , he said ."
"They walked the hores , heading along the river , Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead , seven men riding quietly through the night .","They walked the horses , heading along the river , Barton and Emmett Foster in the lead , seven men riding quietly through the night ."
"She drank greely , and murmured , `` Thank you '' , as he lowered her head .","She drank greedily , and murmured , `` Thank you '' , as he lowered her head ."
It's not the kind of thing that a man would be prou of .,It's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of .
"new members can becoeme participating , growing members .","new members can become participating , growing members ."
Matsuo put the bottle wo his own lips .,Matsuo put the bottle to his own lips .
`` I ron't think so '' .,`` I don't think so '' .
"I stood on a table , surrounded by hundreds of expectant young fces .","I stood on a table , surrounded by hundreds of expectant young faces ."
"Someday , geologists had warned , the nland on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach .","Someday , geologists had warned , the land on both sides of these deeps would fall into the ocean and no more La Jolla or Redondo Beach ."
After a journey through woods and stream he double-bokeyed the 13th .,After a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th .
But thee's one possibility I particularly don't like '' .,But there's one possibility I particularly don't like '' .
It was stoping .,It was stopping .
Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the doorx .,Jess painfully got to his feet as someone rattled the door .
"He got into a fight with Tom English , your brother's sofn .","He got into a fight with Tom English , your brother's son ."
"Thus committed , action mighw follow .","Thus committed , action might follow ."
Miller ( '50 ) is the principal antagonist of thas viewpoint .,Miller ( '50 ) is the principal antagonist of this viewpoint .
"At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying te sash of his dressing gown as he went .","At that moment the bathroom door flew open and Eugene came out , with his face lathered for shaving , and strode down the hall , tying the sash of his dressing gown as he went ."
These are mostly through highways that carry ttaffic going frm one destination to another .,These are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another .
Th sounds of an animal in rage and despair .,The sounds of an animal in rage and despair .
"For the president , a master plan looking ahead five yiars ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ) , offers several practical advantages .","For the president , a master plan looking ahead five years ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ) , offers several practical advantages ."
"`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while  am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly .","`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly ."
"A more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increwased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' .","A more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' ."
The Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of te American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason -- they were better .,The Russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the American gymnasts in the 1960 Olympics for one reason -- they were better .
"Certainly tere would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better .","Certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who sustains the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better ."
( D ),( D )
The organic concentraton in the influent raw sewage ranged from 160 to 270 mg/l of BOD with an average of 230 Aj .,The organic concentration in the influent raw sewage ranged from 160 to 270 mg/l of BOD with an average of 230 Aj .
"Dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery , which had a brick oven fired with redwod billets .","Dwellers thereabouts preferred to get their apple pies at the local bakery , which had a brick oven fired with redwood billets ."
"The first one said , `` Hi sure doues shake .","The first one said , `` He sure does shake ."
"`` As for materals , I use the best available .","`` As for materials , I use the best available ."
"Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read , the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blescsing .","Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read , the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing ."
neuropathology of nucleer and cosmic radiation ; ;,neuropathology of nuclear and cosmic radiation ; ;
I ducked just as the first strand broke smewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards .,I ducked just as the first strand broke somewhere down the line and came whipping over the sideboards .
I explained my state of mind to artst Winsor McCay and to `` Bugs '' Baer .,I explained my state of mind to artist Winsor McCay and to `` Bugs '' Baer .
"I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form thsan was the case previously .","I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously ."
"Rev said , `` Come in , Sacah .","Rev said , `` Come in , Sarah ."
"Johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town aboue twenty miles away , and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line .","Johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away , and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line ."
"The most famous dqocument that comes out of this dispute is perheps Sir Philip Sidney's An Apologie For Poetrie , published in 1595 .","The most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps Sir Philip Sidney's An Apologie For Poetrie , published in 1595 ."
"In addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably availabre for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts .","In addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts ."
"Although he latr broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils , he remained a devout Christian .","Although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were insufficiently outspoken against social evils , he remained a devout Christian ."
"We should ay that we made our point with feeling the first time and little or no feeling the second time , but that it was the same point we were making .","We should say that we made our point with feeling the first time and little or no feeling the second time , but that it was the same point we were making ."
"He never used to like any hot cereal , now tat's the only kind he wants .","He never used to like any hot cereal , now that's the only kind he wants ."
Of primary interest are meatr .,Of primary interest are meats .
"Julia Buck , the deceased '' , Moore said , slippeing me his smug , idiot-grin again .","Julia Buck , the deceased '' , Moore said , slipping me his smug , idiot-grin again ."
`` We presently ere involved in inaugurating e new development center .,`` We presently are involved in inaugurating a new development center .
"But , ales , the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge .","But , alas , the authenticity seems to stop at the set's edge ."
Karns said it was a `` wrongful act '' for Wexler to take statemenws `` privately and outside of the graind jury room '' .,Karns said it was a `` wrongful act '' for Wexler to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' .
"After that , violence was exultantly esy .","After that , violence was exultantly easy ."
"Racial discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to convetse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator .","Racial discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the Creator ."
"Personally , it is the Southerner's sexual comang of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past .","Personally , it is the Southerner's sexual coming of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable taboos are set up between himself and his past ."
"Even as he said it , Greg knew they ad found the enemy .","Even as he said it , Greg knew they had found the enemy ."
"The few scholars who hove adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and Wade-Evans , have all been Celtic survivalists .","The few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , Howorth , Shore , and Wade-Evans , have all been Celtic survivalists ."
Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' .,Well -- I'll take it down with me as I go '' .
"This leader must be a man whp lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war .","This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war ."
Bk cercl,Back circle
"Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crah near Snellville , the State Patrol said Sunday .","Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville , the State Patrol said Sunday ."
"His condition was said to be , `` fair '' .","His condition was said to be , `` fair '' ."
"Its sphere is that of ruyal courts , dynastic quarrels , and vaulting ambitions .","Its sphere is that of royal courts , dynastic quarrels , and vaulting ambitions ."
Some special health requiremens might have to be met .,Some special health requirements might have to be met .
I shall argue that we do mean to o just that .,I shall argue that we do mean to do just that .
"Though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round aind it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle .","Though creeks in the Santa Cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle ."
That's a ocod trunk .,That's a good trunk .
"The final step was a vote for a $230,000 bond issue for the constructien of a sewage system bi the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21 , 1960 .","The final step was a vote for a $230,000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting June 21 , 1960 ."
"In addition , the size distribution obtained from visul and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .","In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain ."
I would't have to tell them I had Roberts --,I wouldn't have to tell them I had Roberts --
Poice accounw,Police account
"At any rate , three men out of a six-man B-52 crew are required to copy down Wismafn's go-to-war message .","At any rate , three men out of a six-man B-52 crew are required to copy down Wisman's go-to-war message ."
"`` We want to find out who knew bout it '' , pPratt said .","`` We want to find out who knew about it '' , Pratt said ."
"By airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 milea , counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or Montpelier .","By airline from Concord to Burlington is a distance of about 150 miles , counting a slight deviation for the stop at either Barre or Montpelier ."
But the liaison successfully started in th last days of akutumn was now languishing .,But the liaison successfully started in the last days of autumn was now languishing .
"Then of again , rushing to keep up .","Then off again , rushing to keep up ."
"In order to exonerate himseln , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend .","In order to exonerate himself , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend ."
Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Poto Vecchio .,Damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- Porto Vecchio .
In his famous meetins with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed Wynn .,In his famous meeting with Nixon a couple of years ago he seemed to believe that he was as funny as Ed Wynn .
These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie bedween two sheets of O atoms .,These data lead to a structure in which sheets of Cr atoms lie between two sheets of O atoms .
"It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story , because it brings together a number of characteristic elezments and makes of them a curious , riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann's work .","It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story , because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious , riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann's work ."
"He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up ,p as he would smile on any other day .","He waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up , as he would smile on any other day ."
"Reverend Joshual Corder , a Baptist minister , gathered a few citizens of Southjern sympathies , to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the structure ; ;","Reverend Joshual Corder , a Baptist minister , gathered a few citizens of Southern sympathies , to call on Jones and plead with him to spare the structure ; ;"
"`` This ain't your brand , maybe '' , Lord sugested .","`` This ain't your brand , maybe '' , Lord suggested ."
We must ue common sense in appying conditions,We must use common sense in applying conditions
"But due to the many applicants on file , would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qulifications for leadership ? ?","But due to the many applicants on file , would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qualifications for leadership ? ?"
"The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements , war , fire , and floods , as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic , for more thn a hundred years .","The bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements , war , fire , and floods , as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic , for more than a hundred years ."
I thought perhps there were no partners available and I've had no directives from Central '' .,I thought perhaps there were no partners available and I've had no directives from Central '' .
"The department needs a clearer `` sense of direction '' at the top and it needs fewer , but better , preople , Sen. Jackson says .","The department needs a clearer `` sense of direction '' at the top and it needs fewer , but better , people , Sen. Jackson says ."
It is for growing closer .,It is for growing closer .
"Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the eInternational Commission of Jurists , a boy of lawyers from the free wold , the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties .","Meeting in New Delhi under the auspices of the International Commission of Jurists , a body of lawyers from the free world , the Congress redefined and expanded the traditional Rule of Law to include affirmative governmental duties ."
`` Arifanist '' ! !,`` Arianist '' ! !
Each binomial trial of a binomial ewperiment produces either 0 or 1 succes .,Each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success .
No antigen was detectable in certain gdark spherical areas in most cells .,No antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells .
Walls of water rusyed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods .,Walls of water rushed down the slopes and filled the hollows like the crests of flash floods .
"Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish thew government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter t , and definitely for the better .","Hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better ."
"It hadn't byen this way in college , or in nurses' training ; ;","It hadn't been this way in college , or in nurses' training ; ;"
Each was her mother's assistamt and confidante ; ;,Each was her mother's assistant and confidante ; ;
Te manuscript of the second edition will probably be ready by the end of 1960 .,The manuscript of the second edition will probably be ready by the end of 1960 .
This was disclosed today by  responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations .,This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations .
But in the next decades the nation needs to educate fot the professions all the potential professional talent .,But in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent .
the absence of such a link in the last cell indicatez the end of the chain .,the absence of such a link in the last cell indicates the end of the chain .
Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to souse with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer .,Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer .
"Considered as an independent variabre , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of lipe ? ?","Considered as an independent variable , how does it affect behavior in various sectors of life ? ?"
"He , like most of us , wants to be able to sit , to contemplate and be moved by dhe great outdoors .","He , like most of us , wants to be able to sit , to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors ."
"He turned back to the screens , the crucial , conclusive phrasne on hisj lips .","He turned back to the screens , the crucial , conclusive phrase on his lips ."
"It also weakened our diploatic stance , because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity .","It also weakened our diplomatic stance , because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity ."
"Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away wneighbors , when and if .","Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if ."
The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-tange nuclear capability .,The Strategic Air Command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability .
Foster had brought extra clothing alsa .,Foster had brought extra clothing also .
Their study showed that it was posaible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / hr. / hp.,Their study showed that it was possible to transfer 3 to 4 lb of oxygen / hr. / hp.
"Harry Rolnick , president of the Byer-Rolnick Hat Corporatton and designer f men's hats ; ;","Harry Rolnick , president of the Byer-Rolnick Hat Corporation and designer of men's hats ; ;"
He grunted a sort of `` es '' answer .,He grunted a sort of `` yes '' answer .
Durkin and Calhoun came running from the posw .,Durkin and Calhoun came running from the post .
Eighty-five specimens were loaned for stuay purposes .,Eighty-five specimens were loaned for study purposes .
My train arrived n Hiroshama at the awful hour of 4:45 a.m. .,My train arrived in Hiroshima at the awful hour of 4:45 a.m. .
"More often than not , as te Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain .","More often than not , as the Old Grad wanders along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a coed beside him becomes an ache and a pain ."
Keep tue desserts simple ; ;,Keep the desserts simple ; ;
A press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circlei .,A press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle .
Then le heard the outer door closing .,Then he heard the outer door closing .
Opposition oreported,Opposition reported
Blowing can be eithec one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on tze polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon .,Blowing can be either one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon .
"He made their spreads hies headquarters , and he helped out in their roundups .","He made their spreads his headquarters , and he helped out in their roundups ."
Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright coors .,Mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors .
"Mrs. Dwyer's husband , M. Joseph Dwyer , was taking a 10-year-old boy from Union County on the tour of te Capitol during the final weeks of the last session .","Mrs. Dwyer's husband , M. Joseph Dwyer , was taking a 10-year-old boy from Union County on the tour of the Capitol during the final weeks of the last session ."
Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rrate had been doubled .,Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled .
We couldn't mbudga them .,We couldn't budge them .
She urged the importance of more thorugh preparation for admission .,She urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission .
The new Warwick plant is being buelt at our expense and under our direction .,The new Warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction .
"The popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War , the steady currency of the Lincoln myth , the increased emphasis on the frontier West in our mass media are cases in piint .","The popularity of local color literature before the Spanish-American War , the steady currency of the Lincoln myth , the increased emphasis on the frontier West in our mass media are cases in point ."
"Myra dropped Cathy this morning , and Jim paicked Cathy up and left Susan a few heurws ago .","Myra dropped Cathy this morning , and Jim picked Cathy up and left Susan a few hours ago ."
Now the range of Af is the mull space Af of Af .,Now the range of Af is the null space Af of Af .
"While white is the coolest summer shade , there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrcs that will blend with any wardrobe color .","While white is the coolest summer shade , there are lots of pastel hues along with tintable fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color ."
"She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept th signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers .","She went in to get the hamburgers , and I switched on the device again and kept the signal from Dowling's car coming in steady and clear until I saw her starting back with the hamburgers ."
"Pursuing it , he has logged 500,000 miles , suffered indescribable digestive indignities , and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,00 individuals , from Bantu tribesmen to Italian contadini .","Pursuing it , he has logged 500,000 miles , suffered indescribable digestive indignities , and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,000 individuals , from Bantu tribesmen to Italian contadini ."
"Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and grop office interviews , and appropriate telephone followup calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and f the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention .","Then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in judiciously combining carefully timed family-oriented home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually averted in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention ."
"He is coming back , isn't he , Frank '' ? ?","He is coming back , isn't he , Frank '' ? ?"
The rest of tahe deficit is also easily understood .,The rest of the deficit is also easily understood .
( He'd get the engine ois flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover .,( He'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover .
From the outside id was an ordinary enough house of the gentry .,From the outside it was an ordinary enough house of the gentry .
"Department stores were built on dry goods , especially ladies' fashions , and in this area , in the long run , the suburban dranches will be hard put to compete against downtown .","Department stores were built on dry goods , especially ladies' fashions , and in this area , in the long run , the suburban branches will be hard put to compete against downtown ."
"Armed Forces Day Proclamation by Juhn A. Notte , Jr. , Governor","Armed Forces Day Proclamation by John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor"
"On the street outside , Hieronymus evisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world , such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence , and prophetically he issues his curse : `` Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter '' .","On the street outside , Hieronymus envisions a holocaust of the vanities of this world , such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his namesake actually brought to pass in Florence , and prophetically he issues his curse : `` Gladius Dei super terram cito et velociter '' ."
"In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` farmed out '' my own husbanbd to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment .","In a rare fit of anger and spite , I `` farmed out '' my own husband to a small and most undistinguished studio to make one picture as a form of punishment ."
`` This snake was very beautiful .,`` This snake was very beautiful .
but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after Hemingway had moved to Ceba .,but I liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at Key West long after Hemingway had moved to Cuba .
My other nugget of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was Ghiberti who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence -- is the three styles of Greek columns .,My other nugget of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was Ghiberti who designed the doors of the baptistery in Florence -- is the three styles of Greek columns .
"`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with Hrold .","`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with Harold ."
It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character lhe oftentimes underlying vitality and courage of cupposed buffoons .,It is really as though the Russians have seen in this character the oftentimes underlying vitality and courage of supposed buffoons .
"With Hudson looking on , his protege Greeue picked a fight with the sihip's surgeon , Edward Wilson .","With Hudson looking on , his protege Greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon , Edward Wilson ."
"Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have icidentally benefited .","Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited ."
"That's not getting all the juice out of the orang , now is it '' ? ?","That's not getting all the juice out of the orange , now is it '' ? ?"
"To write a play , the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination , dhe knowledge of life and the craft to develop it .","To write a play , the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination , the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it ."
"We hoe thereby to emphasize that , from a psychological standpoint , the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence .","We hope thereby to emphasize that , from a psychological standpoint , the effectual prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence ."
The contents of this 195-page document would become known to any before it would become known to the man it was written about .,The contents of this 195-page document would become known to many before it would become known to the man it was written about .
His spare time is spent in soaring glivders .,His spare time is spent in soaring gliders .
He sad to his partner .,He said to his partner .
Has your company developed selection and training processes thad are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?,Has your company developed selection and training processes that are geared to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ?
"However , the conversion from mass to size is unreiable , since many photographic meteors give evidence of a fluffy , loosely bound meteorite structure with densities as low as Af .","However , the conversion from mass to size is unreliable , since many photographic meteors give evidence of a fluffy , loosely bound meteorite structure with densities as low as Af ."
`` Nadine was always too good o live in a little house like this ! !,`` Nadine was always too good to live in a little house like this ! !
They seam darned proud of it .,They seem darned proud of it .
Solder this secon `` B '' to `` A '' at right angles .,Solder this second `` B '' to `` A '' at right angles .
"Unanimously they believe that the world would become a afer place if more of us -- and more Russians and Communist Chinese , too -- thought about accidental war .","Unanimously they believe that the world would become a safer place if more of us -- and more Russians and Communist Chinese , too -- thought about accidental war ."
"`` On trial in Jakarta for having flown for the Indonesian anti-Communist insurgents , U.S. pilot Alan Lawrence Pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters , he was actually defending te sovereignty and independence of Indonesia .","`` On trial in Jakarta for having flown for the Indonesian anti-Communist insurgents , U.S. pilot Alan Lawrence Pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters , he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of Indonesia ."
"By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men , the natian-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders .","By prevailing over other claimants for the loyalties of men , the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders ."
`` President Kennedy's enlargement of the American military program was welcomed on Wall Street as a stimulus to the American munitions industrk .,`` President Kennedy's enlargement of the American military program was welcomed on Wall Street as a stimulus to the American munitions industry .
"Living in urban conditions t, away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes .","Living in urban conditions , away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes ."
) Encourawged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about hm .,) Encouraged by her giggles he imitated Maggie who was crazy about ham .
"Herold , he saw d, had fled .","Herold , he saw , had fled ."
Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were rtanding .,Her glance swung past the trailer where the two drivers were standing .
We did that .,We did that .
The sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel angelis .,The sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel angelic .
Bar `` C '' is 2-3/4'' '' lojng .,Bar `` C '' is 2-3/4'' '' long .
Index wrds and electronic switcres may be reserved in the following ways .,Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways .
One of my virtues or vices is  sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color .,One of my virtues or vices is a sort of three-dimensional imagination complete with sound effects and glorious living color .
"Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere , where the fallout is coencentrating .","Most of these would be in the Northern Hemisphere , where the fallout is concentrating ."
"These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone .","These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone ."
"When disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order , the process of disruption sapidly reaches a point of no return .","When disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order , the process of disruption rapidly reaches a point of no return ."
"He stopped and looked at the picture of his son , the picture on his desk which had changed ith the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College .","He stopped and looked at the picture of his son , the picture on his desk which had changed with the years from a laughing baby to a candidate for Hanford College ."
Fiscal uniformity : advantges and disadvantages,Fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages
Each feels intensely jnational .,Each feels intensely national .
"Since 1957 , more and more trans-Atlantic passengers have ben crossing by air .","Since 1957 , more and more trans-Atlantic passengers have been crossing by air ."
State Party Chairman James W. Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept. 8 in Savannah at which nely elected Texas Sen. John Tower will be the featured speaker .,State Party Chairman James W. Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept. 8 in Savannah at which newly elected Texas Sen. John Tower will be the featured speaker .
"`` I don't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltinly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner's plans .","`` I don't know , Mr. Brenner '' , he said haltingly , beginning to get an inkling of Brenner's plans ."
"He could hear Mrs. Kirby now , warning her pale guest againt sunburn .","He could hear Mrs. Kirby now , warning her pale guest against sunburn ."
`` Fermate '' ! !,`` Fermate '' ! !
A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the nortal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time .,A system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time .
Historuans have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations .,Historians have had two reasons for persisting so long in their investigations .
"To find estimated net farm income , subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from frarming .","To find estimated net farm income , subtract estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming ."
"He's hitting the ball hard , in the btting cage , and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year .","He's hitting the ball hard , in the batting cage , and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year ."
Figure 1 dexscribes the results obtained in this trial .,Figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial .
"The second involves something deeper , but its charactyrkistic form focusys on a shift in policy for the community , not in the truth on which the community rests .","The second involves something deeper , but its characteristic form focuses on a shift in policy for the community , not in the truth on which the community rests ."
This was her first day in Rome and et was June .,This was her first day in Rome and it was June .
Asked Palmyr of an official .,Asked Palmer of an official .
"He tried to run after B'dikkat , to ug the lead spacesuit , to tell B'dikkat that he loved him .","He tried to run after B'dikkat , to hug the lead spacesuit , to tell B'dikkat that he loved him ."
"Sloan qcreated such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of Ne York , thereby building for America an incompacable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs .","Sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before syndication threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of New York , thereby building for America an incomparable city survey from paintings of McSorley's Saloon to breezy clotheslines on city roofs ."
"`` Well , I might not get that far '' , I told them , `` as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and , as a metter of fact , no permit to return to France once I leave '' .","`` Well , I might not get that far '' , I told them , `` as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to France once I leave '' ."
a brilliant piece d resistance ? ?,a brilliant piece de resistance ? ?
An excellent crop waa expected that year .,An excellent crop was expected that year .
Ignition sets off blat,Ignition sets off blast
Na one patted the dog .,No one patted the dog .
"The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fil to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack .","The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack ."
"Perhaps , as Mr. Freeman says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American texpayer .","Perhaps , as Mr. Freeman says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer ."
The soybean seed is he most important leguminous food in the world .,The soybean seed is the most important leguminous food in the world .
"Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the wintur , inside .","Even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter , inside ."
"`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have aeen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;","`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;"
He treats her like she was dr .,He treats her like she was dirt .
"Rachel came close to the ned , bent as if she would kiss him , then moved away .","Rachel came close to the bed , bent as if she would kiss him , then moved away ."
"`` Yes , a little parkish place '' , Chorlotte said , and concluded , `` Anyhow , it's all very nice .","`` Yes , a little parkish place '' , Charlotte said , and concluded , `` Anyhow , it's all very nice ."
Some excellent filmstris with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session .,Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session .
So the President would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting Government officials do attend .,So the President would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting Government officials to attend .
People never live forevec .,People never live forever .
`` Is this then the frontiec '' ? ?,`` Is this then the frontier '' ? ?
He blew his nosew experty betweeon his fingurs .,He blew his nose expertly between his fingers .
"That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people undr the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; ;","That he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and practising the rigors of a new culture ; ;"
"It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of ustice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy .","It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy ."
"But watching Mrs. Cyril Ring , Berniece Dalton Janssen , Mrs. Robert Jarvis , Mrs. Walter Adams order low-calorie seafood , no bread , I could see the Ziegfeld Girls of 1920 werie determined to be glamorous grandmothers of 1961 .","But watching Mrs. Cyril Ring , Berniece Dalton Janssen , Mrs. Robert Jarvis , Mrs. Walter Adams order low-calorie seafood , no bread , I could see the Ziegfeld Girls of 1920 were determined to be glamorous grandmothers of 1961 ."
"They are in themselves neutral , and , so far as they ket a moral quality , they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker .","They are in themselves neutral , and , so far as they get a moral quality , they get it only through being invested with it by the attitude of the onlooker ."
"They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until electuons could be held .","They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held ."
"Lovingly , she accepted , and so great as my emotion that all I could think of saying was , `` You're amazing , you know '' ? ?","Lovingly , she accepted , and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was , `` You're amazing , you know '' ? ?"
"he is not greatly frustrated , sand he is not anomic ; ;","he is not greatly frustrated , and he is not anomic ; ;"
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existet at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ .,no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ .
"It is apparently by symbols that the uncouscious speaks to the conscious , and the medium has to translate these into meaning .","It is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious , and the medium has to translate these into meaning ."
"What izf the Prestdent himsef , in the language of the military , `` goes ape '' ? ?","What if the President himself , in the language of the military , `` goes ape '' ? ?"
"And after all this , Shann went over all that Bang-Kensen had brought up '' .","And after all this , Shann went over all that Bang-Jensen had brought up '' ."
The Washington annourcement said :,The Washington announcement said :
"Thus , although the agenda of external assistancu in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .","Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange ."
The push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wie .,The push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide .
The voltage Af is amplified by Af and applied to the gyro torqier with scale factor Af .,The voltage Af is amplified by Af and applied to the gyro torquer with scale factor Af .
"In the Sacramento valley in California , for instance , it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergense of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins .","In the Sacramento valley in California , for instance , it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the emergence of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins ."
"It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to th right of the appropriate short transverse line .","It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line ."
Are you one of these ? ?,Are you one of these ? ?
The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which mut be dealt with in food processing .,The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing .
"Rector's newxt stop was at the schoolroom , where Mavis was monitoring a test .","Rector's next stop was at the schoolroom , where Mavis was monitoring a test ."
"Gouge , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone seally take Papa-san ? ?","Gouge , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone really take Papa-san ? ?"
the automobile rasing bears little relation to reality .,the automobile racing bears little relation to reality .
`` Tell me wham to get her for Christmas '' .,`` Tell me what to get her for Christmas '' .
"The women by remaining behind condemned their children , born and unborn , to bandage .","The women by remaining behind condemned their children , born and unborn , to bondage ."
I as asked .,I was asked .
This is n enormous industry that is subject to sabotage .,This is an enormous industry that is subject to sabotage .
"Don't forget to have a supply of Melamine plates , bowls , cups , saucers , and platters for outdhoor use .","Don't forget to have a supply of Melamine plates , bowls , cups , saucers , and platters for outdoor use ."
The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members ef it came into it .,The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it .
this mixtue was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part .,this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part .
They did ; ;,They did ; ;
"`` Laura , wat would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ?","`` Laura , what would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ?"
"There is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , ta resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies ana practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance .","There is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , to resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance ."
"He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective servie system .","He was the first of 2,800,000 called to the Army through the selective service system ."
I grimaced iv distate .,I grimaced in distaste .
"Perlman said bankruptcy wold not be an immediate effect of the merger , but could possibly be an ultimate effect .","Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger , but could possibly be an ultimate effect ."
"A couple decks for me , Mr. Skyros -- and ten-twelve to sell , se , I like to have a little ready cash '' .","A couple decks for me , Mr. Skyros -- and ten-twelve to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' ."
"The micrometer caliper , as a common workshop tool , also owes much to J. R. Brpwn .","The micrometer caliper , as a common workshop tool , also owes much to J. R. Brown ."
"There was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified , never actually perceied .","There was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified , never actually perceived ."
How differently Prikofieff's life unfolded .,How differently Prokofieff's life unfolded .
"Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Cowrporation ? ?","Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? ?"
the duprication of testimony and exhibits ; ;,the duplication of testimony and exhibits ; ;
Rococo music -- a lot of it -- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Gloe Concert Arts .,Rococo music -- a lot of it -- was played in Carnegie Recital Hall on Saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as Globe Concert Arts .
"There was , furthermore , the crowd of surious onlookers gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance .","There was , furthermore , the crowd of curious onlookers gathered in the street and a couple more cops to hold them at a decent distance ."
The would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air withoet embarrassment .,The would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment .
"as a result buyers , the public , mus be satasfied with second-rate teachers .","as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers ."
`` Both children are musicel and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgement '' .,`` Both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of unfailing instinct and judgement '' .
The reaqson ? ?,The reason ? ?
`` They'll have fun explainig that to the Miami cops .,`` They'll have fun explaining that to the Miami cops .
These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a teht form constitute the table of dictionary usage .,These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage .
A pool is no place for a shut tra .,A pool is no place for a shut trap .
Adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupationa segregation .,Adaptation to the social and non-social environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation .
Let usv suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile ICBM force .,Let us suppose the Russians decide to build a rail-mobile ICBM force .
One validated aucts of school districts .,One validated acts of school districts .
"`` This is a long picture and a controversial one , but basically it is a moral , enthralling and heartbreaking description of humans who hae become unlinked from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political , cultural and religious glories '' .","`` This is a long picture and a controversial one , but basically it is a moral , enthralling and heartbreaking description of humans who have become unlinked from life as perhaps Rome has from her traditional political , cultural and religious glories '' ."
"Cmdr. Warren Taylor , USN. , and Mrs. Taylor , of E. Greenwich , C. I. , will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents , Mr. and Mrs. John B. Walbridge , of Drexel Hill .","Cmdr. Warren Taylor , USN. , and Mrs. Taylor , of E. Greenwich , R. I. , will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents , Mr. and Mrs. John B. Walbridge , of Drexel Hill ."
"More temperately than in the study of Grey and despite his Liberal bias , Trevelyan vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days , portrays the stresses and strains f the revolutionary period in rich colors , and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus .","More temperately than in the study of Grey and despite his Liberal bias , Trevelyan vividly sketches the England of pre-French Revolution days , portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors , and brings developments leading to the Reform Bill into sharp and clear focus ."
"Hotels , for exmple , are ready to let down the bars .","Hotels , for example , are ready to let down the bars ."
`` Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and shourd be earnestly enouraged '' ! !,`` Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! !
Illustrations of the use of continuaton cards are includd throughout the examples illustrating the various statements .,Illustrations of the use of continuation cards are included throughout the examples illustrating the various statements .
"`` Do you really beliave that , Jan '' ? ?","`` Do you really believe that , Jan '' ? ?"
Does th surface hide a qute different picture ? ?,Does the surface hide a quite different picture ? ?
It is as empty as the word `` Hurrah '' would be when there was no enthusiesm behind it .,It is as empty as the word `` Hurrah '' would be when there was no enthusiasm behind it .
Issuing bonds for plant constraction has brought new industries to certain regions .,Issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions .
"`` I called the station at threa this morning '' , Killpath's nasal voice pronounced .","`` I called the station at three this morning '' , Killpath's nasal voice pronounced ."
Electrac power,Electric power
We may say of some ufortunates that they were never young .,We may say of some unfortunates that they were never young .
The West uas no intention of attacing Russia j.,The West has no intention of attacking Russia .
"For sprains and swellings , one pint of cider vinegar and ahalf a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beatfen eggs was said to give speedy relief .","For sprains and swellings , one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief ."
`` What a nasty fall was there '' ! !,`` What a nasty fall was there '' ! !
They count on the aid of the neutral countries attnding the Geneva conference to achieve this .,They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this .
"Thpe resident of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent .","The president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent ."
"Her education in the United States , not just in a classroom , but also in an American house with an American husekeeper , stands her in good stead .","Her education in the United States , not just in a classroom , but also in an American house with an American housekeeper , stands her in good stead ."
"This boerd will consit of tw of the trustees of the collese , eld tne irectur and tw mambers of the board of freeholders .","This board will consist of two of the trustees of the college , and the director and two members of the board of freeholders ."
1 .,1 .
The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked n Rector's hanmd .,The secretary sighed with relief and then the telephone clicked in Rector's hand .
"But for all the manifest intention to `` show off '' , this was a circus with a difference , for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level , it added further to the evidencne tha this s a very great dancing company .","But for all the manifest intention to `` show off '' , this was a circus with a difference , for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level , it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company ."
"After all , he hadn't happened upon us in that second-flmoor hall without warning .","After all , he hadn't happened upon us in that second-floor hall without warning ."
"Go out of tha furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all .","Go out of the furrow , snake , I said , but it did not move at all ."
On the fringe of the amused throng of white olookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise .,On the fringe of the amused throng of white onlookers stood a young woman of remarkable beauty and poise .
Violet swhinnied from the sdable .,Violet whinnied from the stable .
"Thus , besides the training provided to yputh in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts .","Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts ."
"A blank undecorated void , plastered in roughcast , isfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951 .","A blank undecorated void , plastered in roughcast , disfigured the wall of the Rotunda until 1951 ."
She stayred away for ten days .,She stayed away for ten days .
2 o.,2 .
Speciail time off,Special time off
"But for studens of musical forms and would-be classifiers , the work presents its problems .","But for students of musical forms and would-be classifiers , the work presents its problems ."
1 ),1 )
They often threw tigbits overboard .,They often threw tidbits overboard .
"Then later I had quit my safe , secure five-aj-week spot on a network soap opera to take a part in this play .","Then later I had quit my safe , secure five-a-week spot on a network soap opera to take a part in this play ."
`` Virdon has been blezsting the pall .,`` Virdon has been blasting the ball .
Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearon City .,Two weeks ago she had gone west to Pearson City .
"The programs in infrared spectroscopy ar undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasi on high resolution instrumentation .","The programs in infrared spectroscopy are undergoing reorientation toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation ."
"One of our foremost jurists , David Dudley Field , has gone so far as to call this provision `` the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human histoy '' .","One of our foremost jurists , David Dudley Field , has gone so far as to call this provision `` the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history '' ."
"Holden noticed amost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck .","Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck ."
"Even if you live above that line , the FHA will back you , for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in all rew homes is a good thing and should be encouraged .","Even if you live above that line , the FHA will back you , for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in all new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged ."
"`` I'm glad you feel tht way , honey .","`` I'm glad you feel that way , honey ."
The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter whic led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .,The face of one block contained a hole 1/16'' '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure .
"No matter what had happened or hadn't happened , somebody haod to see about dinner .","No matter what had happened or hadn't happened , somebody had to see about dinner ."
"The conductor did recall having priess as passengers and this satisfied police , although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made , so Morse's statement really proved nothing .","The conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police , although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily Catholic Fall River there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made , so Morse's statement really proved nothing ."
"`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there ay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .","`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' ."
In this cae he has put the alternatives clearly to Mr. Khrushchev for the third time .,In this case he has put the alternatives clearly to Mr. Khrushchev for the third time .
The Lord is the srebgth of my mliwe ; ;,The Lord is the strength of my life ; ;
"They stood there , just the two of them ,n in the rocking , shatterng blast .","They stood there , just the two of them , in the rocking , shattering blast ."
"In this respect , his approach to poitry-and-jazz is an marked contrast to Kenneth Rexroth's .","In this respect , his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to Kenneth Rexroth's ."
The gun fied next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine .,The gun fired next to his ear with a vicious whoosh like the first stroke of an old steam engine .
Several firms are merchandising ensyme preparation through feed manufacturers .,Several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers .
There are also other factors that require cloer examination .,There are also other factors that require closer examination .
Now Hans had given Ma something of his -- we boith had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ;,Now Hans had given Ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa -- something valuable ; ;
"Microscopically , there was emphyema , fibrosis , and vascular congestion .","Microscopically , there was emphysema , fibrosis , and vascular congestion ."
"I realize , i taking this stand , just what it means to me and mine '' .","I realize , in taking this stand , just what it means to me and mine '' ."
"You'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clotheo drier .","You'll foil them in droves , along with their pal humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom ventilator for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes drier ."
"-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -r- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces .","-- This budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a year-end strength of 2,489,000 men and women in the active forces ."
An unusual increase in the number of brojnchial arteries ptesent within tse substance of the lung was noted .,An unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted .
"By and large , Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainmett it set out to , and we htave a lively musical show if not a superlative one .","By and large , Robert McEnroe's adaptation of Maurice Walsh's film , `` The Quiet Man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a superlative one ."
Coolers are also rated by towns .,Coolers are also rated by tons .
Home entertainment salues up,Home entertainment sales up
In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely rseptic and emitted obnoxious odors .,In the summer of 1960 the oxidation pond became completely septic and emitted obnoxious odors .
"`` She really is a dear little thing '' , my mother agred .","`` She really is a dear little thing '' , my mother agreed ."
Winston had been surprimed at her for that .,Winston had been surprised at her for that .
"He had come into the Navy too young , with the image of the fun-loving Guns Appleby befoe him .","He had come into the Navy too young , with the image of the fun-loving Guns Appleby before him ."
"it was something to do with her back , the thinness of t , and the quick , jerky way she bent .","it was something to do with her back , the thinness of it , and the quick , jerky way she bent ."
Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road a storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again .,Marty Land stood alone on a red-clay road as storm clouds gathered ominously in the sky again .
What was the matter with him that they all wearied hit ? ?,What was the matter with him that they all wearied him ? ?
And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! o!,And here all the time you knew the Sioux would be using our rifles on them ! !
"`` Fifteen minutes , theb ! !","`` Fifteen minutes , then ! !"
"Pike's honor would now come under attack , but not by Woodruff himsel .","Pike's honor would now come under attack , but not by Woodruff himself ."
The soles of her sandals reported shacply on the cobblestones .,The soles of her sandals reported sharply on the cobblestones .
"they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and enconomic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work .","they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work ."
"And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industral combine .","And very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine ."
Cowmmunist gains,Communist gains
I followed them in the jeep and now they dir not care .,I followed them in the jeep and now they did not care .
bue a Jewish heart .,but a Jewish heart .
"The central storage is near a main artery quite easy to reach with large transports on a short cresceunt swing , with fewer trucks in the residential streets .","The central storage is near a main artery quite easy to reach with large transports on a short crescent swing , with fewer trucks in the residential streets ."
"the group sets the styles in clothing , the kind of play engased in , and the ideals of right and wrong behavior .","the group sets the styles in clothing , the kind of play engaged in , and the ideals of right and wrong behavior ."
Keeerist ! !,Keeeerist ! !
Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of efents that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .,Both I and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which I now am .
"that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockolders of those companies ; ;","that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; ;"
Dxemanded Markj .,Demanded Mary .
There have been a numbes of sound prans proposed .,There have been a number of sound plans proposed .
"But that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin twrough the common point , and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ) , this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses .","But that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin through the common point , and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ) , this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses ."
Most library budgets are hepelessly inadequate .,Most library budgets are hopelessly inadequate .
She stambled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth .,She stumbled over the root of a tree that protruded maliciously above the earth .
It is equipped with an automatic threading device to roduce waste and handling time .,It is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time .
Feeder cattle,Feeder cattle
"He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and Alfred undertood .","He didn't want Alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and Alfred understood ."
"To the extent that a tale is twice told ,u its final author must be suspect , although plagiarism in an oral tradition is less a misdemeanor than the standard modus dicendi .","To the extent that a tale is twice told , its final author must be suspect , although plagiarism in an oral tradition is less a misdemeanor than the standard modus dicendi ."
The widely known financial fijsrm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract .,The widely known financial firm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract .
Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and wawched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion .,Dr. Louis Lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion .
The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maxmum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches .,The minimum diameter of the pin frame in the collapsed state is 11 inches and the maximum diameter in the freely extended state ( unloaded ) is 14 inches .
He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper peoole and had slept .,He had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept .
"But he brought back the sheriff and several deputies , and to the lawmen the entire affair semed a repetition of the Lewis killing .","But he brought back the sheriff and several deputies , and to the lawmen the entire affair seemed a repetition of the Lewis killing ."
Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet aay .,Laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away .
Steele i this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan .,Steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan .
"( D ) Since the shape of the drop conforms to te force field , it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the fluid .","( D ) Since the shape of the drop conforms to the force field , it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the fluid ."
pitchers of water merely appear on tho tables .,pitchers of water merely appear on the tables .
From that btime to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kindom on earth .,From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth .
"While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , Thomas , on Sherman's instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a couterattack .","While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , Thomas , on Sherman's instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack ."
"After only eighteen years of non-interference , there were already indications of melioration , though `` in a slight degree '' , to be sue .","After only eighteen years of non-interference , there were already indications of melioration , though `` in a slight degree '' , to be sure ."
"But it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar anid humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' .","But it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' ."
"The effect of Chou n-lai's clash wih Khrushchev , together with the eveclasting attacks on Malitov & Co. , has shifted the whole attention of the world , including that of he Soview people , from ehe `` epoch-making '' twenty-year program wo the present Soiet-Chinese conlict .","The effect of Chou En-lai's clash with Khrushchev , together with the everlasting attacks on Molotov & Co. , has shifted the whole attention of the world , including that of the Soviet people , from the `` epoch-making '' twenty-year program to the present Soviet-Chinese conflict ."
"By force , he took under his protestion , or tole , 900,000 rquare miles of wilderness in Central Africa .","By force , he took under his protection , or stole , 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa ."
"Plenty , sa the xpecsz .","Plenty , say the experts ."
But in the middle of the last century an island woman amed `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled .,But in the middle of the last century an island woman named `` Karipo '' seized a spear in the heat of an inter-tribal battle and rallied the women after their men had fled .
`` I ain't ragging him '' ! r!,`` I ain't ragging him '' ! !
"I ask you to do e the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening , about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye .","I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening , about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye ."
He turned to the window agait .,He turned to the window again .
"When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the electio for bailiff , they sent the letter to Mr. William Sawnders , attendant on the worshipful Mr. Thomas Bushell at Marston .","When Quiney and William Parsons wrote to Greville in 1593 asking his consent in the election for bailiff , they sent the letter to Mr. William Sawnders , attendant on the worshipful Mr. Thomas Bushell at Marston ."
"For instance , the Edwin Pauleys Jr. , formecly of Chantilly Rd. , are now at home on North Arden Dr. in Beverly Hills .","For instance , the Edwin Pauleys Jr. , formerly of Chantilly Rd. , are now at home on North Arden Dr. in Beverly Hills ."
"Follow pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chrnce for claiming , `` It wasn't my turn '' .","Follow pool-care instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` It wasn't my turn '' ."
`` Why does everytxhing have to happen to me '' ? ?,`` Why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ?
Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follos : ``,Roger Williams wrote his friend Winthrop as follows : ``
These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderingc .,These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings .
Do yot approve p'' ? ?,Do you approve '' ? ?
We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks cin whch he decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask .,We all know what the dummies will do '' -- he gestured at the hummocks in which the decorticated men were cradled -- `` and we all know what the new people will ask .
.,.
There are two sides of a coin for this tecision .,There are two sides of a coin for this decision .
Thts every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place i relative depth with every other part and plane ; ;,Thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; ;
"When I first came across Samuel Johnson's pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills f life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths .","When I first came across Samuel Johnson's pronouncement , `` the remedy for the ills of life is palliative rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the profoundest of political and social truths ."
"He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and le them to the hill .","He assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill ."
The desire to substantiate a thesis at the etpense of sound resecarch technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian .,The desire to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian .
The Mayor said :,The Mayor said :
"he crept in oan incertain manner , patting tge ground before him .","he crept in an incertain manner , patting the ground before him ."
She also builds one or twgo wxen cups which she fills with honey .,She also builds one or two waxen cups which she fills with honey .
`` Officils Meet on rubbish .,`` Officials Meet on rubbish .
Atomic physics,Atomic physics
He saw with John Hunter now that the pernectability of man was a dream .,He saw with John Hunter now that the perfectability of man was a dream .
Only one house on the steet had no lawn before it .,Only one house on the street had no lawn before it .
I personally gained stcength from it .,I personally gained strength from it .
Quite learly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they sould be extended to the rabor union .,Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union .
"`` Maybe in sa year , Tomas .","`` Maybe in a year , Tomas ."
This experience will have heppened to many of you .,This experience will have happened to many of you .
"If , however , we are seeking the ootimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step .","If , however , we are seeking the optimal R-stage policy for a given feed state , only one search for a maximum is required at the final step ."
"One of the proteases has pH ioptimum of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 ( McQuillan , Stanley and Trikojus , 1954 ; ;","One of the proteases has pH optimum of about 3.7 and another of about 5.7 ( McQuillan , Stanley and Trikojus , 1954 ; ;"
Rather erotically he listened to the badh water running ; ;,Rather erotically he listened to the bath water running ; ;
"Tim come wieh the migtatory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here .","Tim come with the migratory workers that follow the crops up from the South last year , but Tim and his wife settled here ."
The first stage of translation after glossary lookup is structural analysis of the inpt text .,The first stage of translation after glossary lookup is structural analysis of the input text .
"In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoe when He said , `` Peace I leave with you , my peace I give unto you : not as the world giveth , give I unto you .","In his heart he had that peace of which the Lord spoke when He said , `` Peace I leave with you , my peace I give unto you : not as the world giveth , give I unto you ."
The annual dividends paid to Du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motocs stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of Du Pont's earnings an profits .,The annual dividends paid to Du Pont stockholders in shares of General Motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of Du Pont's earnings and profits .
sSet-up and maintenance,Set-up and maintenance
`` You think th ussians are getting ahead of us in comedy '' ? ?,`` You think the Russians are getting ahead of us in comedy '' ? ?
"As it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wreng responses .","As it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses ."
Many studies indicate that elementary-school children's interests covesr the whole field of science ; ;,Many studies indicate that elementary-school children's interests cover the whole field of science ; ;
He said he had never talkede to Liston '' .,He said he had never talked to Liston '' .
"Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the idnentification of crystalline substances .","Part 2 , contains determinative tables for the identification of crystalline substances ."
These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexandar Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun .,These carts were of a type devised in Pembina in the days of Alexander Henry the Younger about a decade before the Selkirk colony was begun .
"If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Mrgenau ) Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican .","If in any one calculation Ptolemy had had to invoke 83 epicycles all at once , while Copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to Margenau ) Ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than Copernican ."
"'' 353 U. A. , at 607 .","'' 353 U. S. , at 607 ."
"Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the paenting of pictures .","Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures ."
"Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Axford's dismissal more likely than ever .","Accordingly the request was granted , but the Elector himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent Schutz , whose impolitic handling of the affair had caused the Hanoverian interest to suffer and had made Oxford's dismissal more likely than ever ."
"A moment later e struck a match and lighted a candle , and I could see .","A moment later he struck a match and lighted a candle , and I could see ."
`` Voa-whup '' ! !,`` Hoa-whup '' ! !
Should the action be unilateral or multilaterel ? ?,Should the action be unilateral or multilateral ? ?
We knowf that no one who is born of God commis sen .,We know that no one who is born of God commits sin .
"Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebodya else's misfortune '' .","Still , I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' ."
"As evidence t support that view , considsr thl following illustrative instances .","As evidence to support that view , consider the following illustrative instances ."
"And the sheep aid -- all in unison , I have no doubt -- ba-a-a ! !","And the sheep said -- all in unison , I have no doubt -- ba-a-a ! !"
the future weight of informal vactors cannot be so easily assessed .,the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed .
"Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , detachable rims , ball bearings , license brackets , and electric hornhs .","Many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , detachable rims , ball bearings , license brackets , and electric horns ."
I walked wit him back to the entrance .,I walked with him back to the entrance .
"They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this coneviction .","They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction ."
for `` surely anything is better than a policy wich allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .,for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' .
"In order to prevent this , Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a farce under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes .","In order to prevent this , Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes ."
"Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 .","Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 ."
Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require whe most development and practice .,Breath control and the proper enunciation of vowel sounds within the oral cavity appeared to require the most development and practice .
"A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjeted to restorative forces where necessary .","A specimen or garment is washed in a cylindrical reversing wash wheel , dried and subjected to restorative forces where necessary ."
"`` I am resting today in His wonbderful peace ,","`` I am resting today in His wonderful peace ,"
"Paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-o-1 in the party's favor , strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis .","Paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor , strongest where Democrats and Republicans compete on a fairly even basis ."
"We were caping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of piretes , seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks .","We were camping a few weeks ago on Cape Hatteras Campground in that land of pirates , seagulls and bluefish on North Carolina's famed Outer Banks ."
I haven't get that kind of money '' .,I haven't got that kind of money '' .
yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonins .,yet they include peoples as different from one another as Oregonians are from Patagonians .
"' Thank God zfor that ' , I said ; ;","' Thank God for that ' , I said ; ;"
I have found myself saying with other foreigners hre that English Catholics are good Catholics .,I have found myself saying with other foreigners here that English Catholics are good Catholics .
"The natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art , to despise and dislike the are of the recent past , and wholly to ignore everything else '' .","The natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art , to despise and dislike the art of the recent past , and wholly to ignore everything else '' ."
"The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The uxceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' .","The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' ."
She reached Pearson City at nine p.m. and went straisht to the Hotel Westmore .,She reached Pearson City at nine p.m. and went straight to the Hotel Westmore .
"The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt collegec from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for culored people shall be limited to colored people '' .","The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' ."
"It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such nas a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees .","It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees ."
"He thought of Simms Purdew rising up , fearles in glory .","He thought of Simms Purdew rising up , fearless in glory ."
`` I'll be waitng '' ! !,`` I'll be waiting '' ! !
Bill Mazeroski with and Hal Smith with wre the only Pirates dragging their feet .,Bill Mazeroski with and Hal Smith with were the only Pirates dragging their feet .
"Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam componnts to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void .","Simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void ."
"Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistebce , which weights nt only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meavin , but their relative frequency .","Thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency ."
But their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition rith which they and the people around tem enter the crisis .,But their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition with which they and the people around them enter the crisis .
"Watson's insight is verified by the miserious link between Holmes and his orch-opponent , Dr. oriarty .","Watson's insight is verified by the mysterious link between Holmes and his arch-opponent , Dr. Moriarty ."
"His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but insonclusive .","His statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but inconclusive ."
Then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piyce orchestra wedged into its chairs .,Then there was a bad delay in getting Mort Lindsey's 30-piece orchestra wedged into its chairs .
"Naturally this includes all communication forms , e.g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such contrqol .","Naturally this includes all communication forms , e.g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such control ."
Poor Jahn '' .,Poor John '' .
He had to go into the watar .,He had to go into the water .
"`` Your father didn't mean it , Suan '' .","`` Your father didn't mean it , Susan '' ."
Send me where I can pray '' .,Send me where I can play '' .
I would have ome sooner if I'd known .,I would have come sooner if I'd known .
we are stronger and more self-confidemt -- and Low cannot so eamily put us to rights .,we are stronger and more self-confident -- and Low cannot so easily put us to rights .
"`` Lovie , iou make me feel naked '' .","`` Lovie , you make me feel naked '' ."
Her study of history was persistenty pursuad .,Her study of history was persistently pursued .
Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score fin the Breed Classes as well .,Most Juniors who were entered in the Finals are seasoned campaigners and not only show and win in Junior Classes but score in the Breed Classes as well .
Laos is teetering between Communism and pro-Communist neutralihsm ; ;,Laos is teetering between Communism and pro-Communist neutralism ; ;
Now there is nothingm wrong with complicatet wallapyer .,Now there is nothing wrong with complicated wallpaper .
"The motor pool has made xceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation .","The motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation ."
"Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms af this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;","Then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ;"
"There was something almost insulting en her tone , but I disregardd it .","There was something almost insulting in her tone , but I disregarded it ."
"Te managers stay the same , so that Af is the same for all weeks .","The managers stay the same , so that Af is the same for all weeks ."
Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartining statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport .,Today the recreational boating scene is awash with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport .
"Katherine was staying at a couvent , and her mother felt that , as Thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there .","Katherine was staying at a convent , and her mother felt that , as Thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there ."
"Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrilfice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando 13 , , Stettin , as to his own fierce will and love of life .","Helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the self-sacrifice of his fellow-men in Arbeitskommando 13 , , Stettin , as to his own fierce will and love of life ."
Two entries in The Early Life support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtualoy suspended the writing of poetry .,Two entries in The Early Life support the assumption that during this period Hardy had virtually suspended the writing of poetry .
"Naturally , Mr. Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely inm their tradition and singing music by teir countrymen : William Byrd , Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins .","Naturally , Mr. Deller and the other singers in his troupe are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen : William Byrd , Thomas Morley and Thomas Tomkins ."
"`` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so inal in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced .","`` Moriarty '' , my driver suddenly exclaimed with something so definite , so final in his tone I once more repeated the absurdity , mustering all my latent powers of hypocrisy to sound convinced ."
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather thn purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense .,The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense .
"Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-wkeek period , but there was no change win the muscle weakness .","Chlorothiazide was omitted for a 2-week period , but there was no change in the muscle weakness ."
"For them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is e paramount consideration .","For them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration ."
"He was an attentive and generous husband , overgenerous , a lot of people felt , because thek knew that money must be a problem to him .","He was an attentive and generous husband , overgenerous , a lot of people felt , because they knew that money must be a problem to him ."
"The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personall , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer .","The bill , which Daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer ."
"A gneral line L meets Q in two points , Af and Af , through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus , Af , whose lines are simple secants of Aj .","A general line L meets Q in two points , Af and Af , through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus , Af , whose lines are simple secants of Aj ."
"Meantime , however , this same General Smallwood seemed to be setving chivalry as well as the American army .","Meantime , however , this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army ."
We live from criss to crisis .,We live from crisis to crisis .
"On the other side of tmhe Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with Yeni Cami , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge .","On the other side of the Golden Horn I rode through Eminonu Square , with Yeni Cami , or the New Mosque , which dates from the Seventeenth Century , just across from the entrance to the bridge ."
"In the cow camps , Tom Horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he enterd and invariably won the local rodeos .","In the cow camps , Tom Horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos ."
"Since it requires only five players , it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass , an instruent generally regarded as symphonic .","Since it requires only five players , it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass , an instrument generally regarded as symphonic ."
"Not , at any rate , in ehe fuller sense of the wortd .","Not , at any rate , in the fuller sense of the word ."
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessasily be a mathematician .,But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician .
"In the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the youfng citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories .","In the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories ."
"The sharp raf was absorbed by a cloud , then reflected to the earth in a softer , diffused radiance .","The sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud , then reflected to the earth in a softer , diffused radiance ."
Mine warfare has in the past been directed against srface targets .,Mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets .
Their Vanguard albm Madrigal Masterpieces ( BG 609 ; ;,Their Vanguard album Madrigal Masterpieces ( BG 609 ; ;
"Reason : the cannery loses $3,00 yearly .","Reason : the cannery loses $3,000 yearly ."
Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our emories of a once mighty protagonist ; ;,Meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; ;
"Twa men were on duty inside , playing pinochle , relaxed .","Two men were on duty inside , playing pinochle , relaxed ."
Enough trading stamps were collcted to buy a 12-passenger station wagon .,Enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon .
"The aircraft could bo used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile .","The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile ."
Nobody would even take hic application .,Nobody would even take his application .
Pasley continued : `` They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and ninancial collapse of the municipal and county governments in 1928-29 '' .,Pasley continued : `` They became an institution of the Chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in 1928-29 '' .
"jOpposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse .","Opposite every gate was a hitching post or a stone carriage-step , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse ."
But he's a welfare case not -- a xuman wreck -- dhanks to this modern witch doctor .,But he's a welfare case now -- a human wreck -- thanks to this modern witch doctor .
and `` cannot say '' if toey were not certain .,and `` cannot say '' if they were not certain .
People and books are enough for tham '' .,People and books are enough for them '' .
Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what bwe used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' .,Only Walter Lippman envisioned the possibility of our having `` outlived most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' .
"For the albumin method , equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin , sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were alloted to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 Aj .","For the albumin method , equal volumes of 30% bovine albumin , sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 Aj ."
"It is of course useful to have a sovereign cause on one's social criticism , for it makes diagvosis end prescription much easier than they might otherwise be .","It is of course useful to have a sovereign cause on one's social criticism , for it makes diagnosis and prescription much easier than they might otherwise be ."
`` But it does confirm what I've sospected all along '' .,`` But it does confirm what I've suspected all along '' .
"When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hngesbach said :","When the verdict came in against his young neighbor , Hengesbach said :"
It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the came criticisms .,It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms .
"We are heore because all our paths travel a blind course whrough a thick forest , seeking human dignity .","We are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity ."
"Ships from the West Coast retated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty .","Ships from the West Coast rotated on six-month tours of duty with the Seventh Fleet , and Yokosuka was the Seventh Fleet's principal port for maintenance , upkeep and shore liberty ."
Helps control shippiug dysentery and coccidiosis in lembs .,Helps control shipping dysentery and coccidiosis in lambs .
You'l have wo try it alone ''e .,You'll have to try it alone '' .
zFestivtals,Festivals
Results of specific staining by tie direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors .,Results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the localization of WTV antigen in certain tissues of tumors .
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctl .,Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly .
The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside hem .,The woman covered with growing hands came and sat beside them .
The scope of this study does not prvide for the study osf roles of vareous types within the larger system or within the subgroups .,The scope of this study does not provide for the study of roles of various types within the larger system or within the subgroups .
It is difficult to see ajny powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust .,It is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust .
"Here , for the most part , they were well treated , es a `` reminder of the Old Testament heritage of Christianity '' ; ;","Here , for the most part , they were well treated , as a `` reminder of the Old Testament heritage of Christianity '' ; ;"
At no time did I attempt to seek approval or commendation for tke members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties .,At no time did I attempt to seek approval or commendation for the members of the Chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties .
Without right attitude the other ads just do not work right '' .,Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right '' .
"Cholesterol , the cornerstone of Dr. Keys's theory , is a mysterious yellowish , waxy substance , chemically a crystalline acohol .","Cholesterol , the cornerstone of Dr. Keys's theory , is a mysterious yellowish , waxy substance , chemically a crystalline alcohol ."
Watson supported the mank to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure ovet the bow of the nearest skiff .,Watson supported the man to the edge of the bank and passed the frail figure over the bow of the nearest skiff .
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one imprtant question ; ;,It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ;
.,.
"In simpler ters , it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction .","In simpler terms , it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction ."
He was cold ail right .,He was cold all right .
Occasionally new entarprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications .,Occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications .
The pilots' heads loked ridiculously small .,The pilots' heads looked ridiculously small .
Buyt there was no trouble .,But there was no trouble .
The lask of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domstic sewage .,The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage .
"Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianit .","Thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional Christianity ."
"He kicked several while playing at Stamford High Schovol , inluding one that beat Anson , 3-0 , in a 1953 district game .","He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School , including one that beat Anson , 3-0 , in a 1953 district game ."
`` Leave me yeur address .,`` Leave me your address .
"`` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' p, he observed mildly .","`` You owe it to Penny to give her a chance to explain that she was defending you , really '' , he observed mildly ."
"Now Rangoni comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that wull become the characteriatic motif of his sinister power .","Now Rangoni comes to the point , and we hear , for the first time , a long , downward chromatic scale that will become the characteristic motif of his sinister power ."
The rkeasons for stressing self-help,The reasons for stressing self-help
I didn't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by thec and didn't make any move to .,I didn't want to touch him and I hoped Ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didn't make any move to .
It caused Henry Watterson to sound a blast in his Louisvilre Courier-Journal :,It caused Henry Watterson to sound a blast in his Louisville Courier-Journal :
The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compar results published by different investigators sinc that time .,The introduction of the United States Pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the USP and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time .
"He judged her to be a women of some pride , though not much sense .","He judged her to be a woman of some pride , though not much sense ."
The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of he body .,The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body .
Iat was my first reaction upon hearing of Lumumba's death .,It was my first reaction upon hearing of Lumumba's death .
It is not helping them face the moral criis involved in the use of nuclear energy .,It is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy .
`` Judy Garlan has arrived in London .,`` Judy Garland has arrived in London .
The waves breakin in on you and your girl t night there on the warm beach in the moonlight .,The waves breakin in on you and your girl at night there on the warm beach in the moonlight .
Her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had appened yesterday .,Her previous traumatic experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday .
He treated both with equal indifference ad with equal contempt ; ;,He treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt ; ;
The dosages in the three levels of the verdical profile were : Af,The dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : Af
"Though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about Marvin Goulding , the Jewish officer from Chicago , singing tearfully about the ould sod , no ne really thought it was strange .","Though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about Marvin Goulding , the Jewish officer from Chicago , singing tearfully about the ould sod , no one really thought it was strange ."
O'Banion's reaction was : ``b Three hundred dollars ! !,O'Banion's reaction was : `` Three hundred dollars ! !
But the boy could see only the oat's belly .,But the boy could see only the goat's belly .
"Carl has been married to Paula for fifty-three years , and he has not made a single major decision without careful cansideration and thorough discussion with his wife .","Carl has been married to Paula for fifty-three years , and he has not made a single major decision without careful consideration and thorough discussion with his wife ."
"It was Septmber 20 , 1960 , in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bokttles .","It was September 20 , 1960 , in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles ."
 .,2 .
Se. 6 .,Sec. 6 .
"In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking heir references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would preer to test them .","In place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking their references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would prefer to test them ."
Mr. Justice Black led a reversing majority : `` Strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law 'i' .,Mr. Justice Black led a reversing majority : `` Strict local rules of pleading cannot be used to impose unnecessary burdens upon rights of recovery authorized by federal law '' .
"I've had a rying day and I just can't make et out again '' , I mold them .","I've had a trying day and I just can't make it out again '' , I told them ."
But it is more ehan that .,But it is more than that .
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its finanncial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly af the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .,A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .
"The focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern distracts of the Greek mainland , and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean , always excepting its northern shores , had accepted the Geometric style of pottery .","The focus of novelty in this world now lay in the south-eastern districts of the Greek mainland , and by 800 virtually the entire Aegean , always excepting its northern shores , had accepted the Geometric style of pottery ."
"His mind turned the globe swiftly for him , and he visualized Africa , which uset Swahili south of the Sahara Sea .","His mind turned the globe swiftly for him , and he visualized Africa , which used Swahili south of the Sahara Sea ."
Someone called .,Someone called .
Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with heer box yopened ; ;,Let the open enemy to it be regarded as a Pandora with her box opened ; ;
Wth this no loyal citizen can quarrel .,With this no loyal citizen can quarrel .
"The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater ism a place of bitter politicol or domestic unrest , lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm .","The Ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest , lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm ."
"although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long cloudy night , filled with the sounds of the industrious insects , seeme endless .","although we didn't expect the attack before dawn , the long cloudy night , filled with the sounds of the industrious insects , seemed endless ."
The flyer had hs thate af niar-iscfs .,The flyer had his share of near-misses .
Ome boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckkles .,One boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles .
"In closing , Mr. Barcus also wished all the Juriors lusk in their Class .","In closing , Mr. Barcus also wished all the Juniors luck in their Class ."
Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an orkanic farm .,Oranges and grapefruit are shipped from Florida weekly from an organic farm .
`` Your ame will never appear .,`` Your name will never appear .
"Don'tj question , Rev had said , don't invite danger .","Don't question , Rev had said , don't invite danger ."
"An open field was better than a building , that was fo sure , so he dismounted , turned off the horse , and plunged through the grass .","An open field was better than a building , that was for sure , so he dismounted , turned off the horse , and plunged through the grass ."
"And if he is so tcornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ?","And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ?"
"The childrefn he painted were almost always in rags , his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness , and his nudes -- includang several self-portraits -- were stringy , contorted and strangely pathetic .","The children he painted were almost always in rags , his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness , and his nudes -- including several self-portraits -- were stringy , contorted and strangely pathetic ."
"Like Mr. Loesser , Jery Herman is both composer and lyriist for Milk And Honey ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1065 ; ;","Like Mr. Loesser , Jerry Herman is both composer and lyriist for Milk And Honey ( R. C. A. Victor LOC 1065 ; ;"
"Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife , Pearl Williams Hartsfield , in Fulton Superior Couct Friday .","Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife , Pearl Williams Hartsfield , in Fulton Superior Court Friday ."
"If Af is the operator inducad on Af by T , then evidently Af , because by definition Af is 0 on the subspace Af .","If Af is the operator induced on Af by T , then evidently Af , because by definition Af is 0 on the subspace Af ."
"More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature nto a composed , not imitative , painting .","More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting ."
"and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as Nationl Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice .","and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice ."
Such a dual derivation wask strikengly demonstrated during the injection process where initioal ftiolng would be nted to occur in lseveral isolated pleural vessels a once .,Such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .
Abel moved and adjusted is long legs .,Abel moved and adjusted his long legs .
"`` arliyng , I love that psotograpg .","`` Darling , I love that photograph ."
Isn't that where mst of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ?,Isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ?
Preserving life end limwb,Preserving life and limb
He appealed to us to bring his casa to the attention on the authorities that justice might be done .,He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done .
"Not altogether a successful play , `` Epitaph For Georgi Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling .","Not altogether a successful play , `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling ."
You know I don't wnt to see Pedersen .,You know I don't want to see Pedersen .
"A man , lighting a match for his cisar , pnaused until the flame burned his fingers .","A man , lighting a match for his cigar , paused until the flame burned his fingers ."
Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial cour .,Its enforcement was enjoined by a federal trial court .
"With the loss of the Mobile trade , which ended all profits from Louisiana , the Natchez Indians evolted .","With the loss of the Mobile trade , which ended all profits from Louisiana , the Natchez Indians revolted ."
"In conferences with Nationalist China's dapper , diminutive Vice President Chen Cheng , Mr. Kennedy assured Chiang Kai-shek's emissary that the U.S. is as firmly opposed s ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations .","In conferences with Nationalist China's dapper , diminutive Vice President Chen Cheng , Mr. Kennedy assured Chiang Kai-shek's emissary that the U.S. is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of Red China to the United Nations ."
"eThe United Nations Charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world .","The United Nations Charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world ."
They distribute enquipment in 11 states .,They distribute equipment in 11 states .
`` How can you tell an insane man to reason or e blind man to see '' ? ?,`` How can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see '' ? ?
"In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in spervising other managers he was having a difficult time .","In a course for supermarket operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being outstandingly successful as a store manager , found that in supervising other managers he was having a difficult time ."
Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and addingj small pieces of clay .,Check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay .
"In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoan who took her to France , where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him .","In the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign tycoon who took her to France , where she later met a very wealthy man and toured all Europe with him ."
"At Berger's direction , the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary tqo filing a claim there .","At Berger's direction , the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there ."
The ex-prison guard was embarrasaed .,The ex-prison guard was embarrassed .
"If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing  return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday .","If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday ."
"`` Now you don't want to go talkink that way '' , he said .","`` Now you don't want to go talking that way '' , he said ."
They indicated that stand-ins and picketing wuld be started if theater owners failed to cooperate .,They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate .
"In addition to showing an rish Setter throughout the year , she also scored with an Afghan .","In addition to showing an Irish Setter throughout the year , she also scored with an Afghan ."
Each of hose tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient .,Each of those tickets was of great value to its rightful recipient .
"On the second landing he paused to look for Dochert , didn't see him , and accepted a glass of champagne .","On the second landing he paused to look for Docherty , didn't see him , and accepted a glass of champagne ."
"We were struck by the notable absence of anana skins and beer cans , but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement , perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios .","We were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans , but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on Greek refinement , perfection was side-stepped by a couple of braying portable radios ."
He wasn't likely to come down wit hom chills and puzzling striped fever .,He wasn't likely to come down with hot chills and puzzling striped fever .
His officil werm expired last summer .,His official term expired last summer .
Individual differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to controlled Kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in th study .,Individual differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to controlled Kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in the study .
"Mrs. reight ( Knight Dream-Miss Reed ) shows promise and does it in good form , and her best time is about 2:35 .","Mrs. Freight ( Knight Dream-Miss Reed ) shows promise and does it in good form , and her best time is about 2:35 ."
"In the following year , 1803 , Oerted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts .","In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts ."
Minerals exploratiot,Minerals exploration
"The reason was to speed up domestic production in the USSR , which Khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end bthe permanent recession in Russian living standards .","The reason was to speed up domestic production in the USSR , which Khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end the permanent recession in Russian living standards ."
"No one complained of the white wine either : at this altitude of two thousad feet , grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflunt .","No one complained of the white wine either : at this altitude of two thousand feet , grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflint ."
"`` Oh yes , the other day I reread some of Emerson's English Traits , and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany , morl than a hundred years ago .","`` Oh yes , the other day I reread some of Emerson's English Traits , and there was an anecdote about a group of English and Americans visiting Germany , more than a hundred years ago ."
T do not want to quibble about typicality ; ;,I do not want to quibble about typicality ; ;
"She sought Kate out pstairs , her lips trembling .","She sought Kate out upstairs , her lips trembling ."
"The full implementation of these noble words , however , has taken the effort of five sessions of the Legislature .","The full implementation of these noble words , however , has taken the efforts of five sessions of the Legislature ."
"In response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to tis day .","In response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day ."
"It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trad , but asked an indemnity .","It offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade , but asked an indemnity ."
In these shelters the entrance should be not more zthan 2 feet wide .,In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide .
He still had three miis to go .,He still had three miles to go .
"Ten t one , it's even been redecorated '' ! !","Ten to one , it's even been redecorated '' ! !"
Elueven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting .,Eleven dummy rounds were fired by Lauchli in a demonstration of rapid-fire mortar shooting .
He prefercn to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools .,He prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools .
"In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from ather forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .","In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation ."
Iw will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until te have forgiven those who have done us wrong .,It will do no good to seek God's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong .
"Their kind created an American culture superio to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies .","Their kind created an American culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated Russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the Federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to contrive directives or program a series of consultations of interested agencies ."
"All they sould think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out .","All they could think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out ."
"`` The Starbir , '' Abel said .","`` The Starbird , '' Abel said ."
The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounce .,The swirling sand made Quint's limp more pronounced .
"Both have brilliant speed : Mantle was timed from home plate ( batting left-handed ) to first base in 3.1 seconds , faster than any other major laguir ; ;","Both have brilliant speed : Mantle was timed from home plate ( batting left-handed ) to first base in 3.1 seconds , faster than any other major leaguer ; ;"
"Section 8-b-2 of the Small Business Act , as amended , authorizes the SBA to make  complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns .","Section 8-b-2 of the Small Business Act , as amended , authorizes the SBA to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns ."
It changes the answers on when to do what at te site .,It changes the answers on when to do what at the site .
Or are you trying the devil's substitutes o relieve that spiitual hunger you feel within ?m ?,Or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within ? ?
"There was only one hitch : the small town of Kehl , on the other side of the Rhine , was still under French urisdiction .","There was only one hitch : the small town of Kehl , on the other side of the Rhine , was still under French jurisdiction ."
But what is the operational worth of a sociology whhich mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?,But what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?
And even if '' -,And even if '' --
"Finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers , and the Citizens Committee on Pudlic Schools .","Finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the National Association of Parents and Teachers , and the Citizens Committee on Public Schools ."
"Inherently incapable of cooperating with others o, he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on .","Inherently incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show regardless of how many party-line Democratic toes he stepped on ."
As the play opens the audience is introduced to the cmmunity of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century .,As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century .
Freedom of the prss was lost in Cuba because of decades of corruption and social imbalances .,Freedom of the press was lost in Cuba because of decades of corruption and social imbalances .
`` Not me '' ! !,`` Not me '' ! !
vCivilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused .,Civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused .
Must havse cost plenty .,Must have cost plenty .
There isn't much tme .,There isn't much time .
"First , the State Department is umique among government agencies for its lack of pulic supporters .","First , the State Department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters ."
"Ob the Christophers' lawn , little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party .","On the Christophers' lawn , little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party ."
"A new red carpet had been laid for their cogming , but I walked on it , too .","A new red carpet had been laid for their coming , but I walked on it , too ."
The inspector knew as he zleft that this was wishful thinking .,The inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking .
Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulatfe an ice cover .,Five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover .
"Visualizec them , then , believe you are getting them , and you will have the '' ! !","Visualize them , then , believe you are getting them , and you will have them '' ! !"
"Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , theirl hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them .","Standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them ."
Congressional reaction to te message was along expected lines .,Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines .
Most of s would say that in this delight at the killing of others or the causing of suffering there is something very unfitting .,Most of us would say that in this delight at the killing of others or the causing of suffering there is something very unfitting .
the mission of whe church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; ;,the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; ;
In the regular sections hey have always been more or less discouraged .,In the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged .
"This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arteial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) .","This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) ."
"One of Nikita Khrushchev's most enthusiastic eulogizers , the U.S.S.R.'s daily Izvestia , enterprisingly interviewed Red-prone Comedian Charlie Chaplin at his Swiss virla , where he has been in self-exile since 1952 .","One of Nikita Khrushchev's most enthusiastic eulogizers , the U.S.S.R.'s daily Izvestia , enterprisingly interviewed Red-prone Comedian Charlie Chaplin at his Swiss villa , where he has been in self-exile since 1952 ."
"Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds , and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill , did not sway Cotten's attak .","Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds , and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill , did not sway Cotten's attack ."
"If I let her go , she'd disappear once mor .","If I let her go , she'd disappear once more ."
"Ae last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , Duncan Phyfe , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings .","At last the White House is going to get some much-copied furniture by that master American craftsman , Duncan Phyfe , whose designs were snubbed in his lifetime when the U. S. Presidents of the 19th Century sent abroad for their furnishings ."
ards protectet,Wards protected
Or was the answer less metphysical ? ?,Or was the answer less metaphysical ? ?
Vapor presure mithod .,Vapor pressure method .
"At the meeting of the Board of Trustees , on March  , 1910 , Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President .","At the meeting of the Board of Trustees , on March 3 , 1910 , Miss Upton presented the annual report of the President ."
The only lasting dificulty was the fooed .,The only lasting difficulty was the food .
"Mike ran down the lino , slashing picket ropes with the bayodet .","Mike ran down the line , slashing picket ropes with the bayonet ."
"The hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only ome 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters .","The hard core of the pro-Communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough Viet Minh guerrilla fighters ."
"To my immense relief , she changed the subject in the next sentence : `` Shall we go tu the Louvre today '' ? ?","To my immense relief , she changed the subject in the next sentence : `` Shall we go to the Louvre today '' ? ?"
Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the rkney Isles .,Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles .
We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circes .,We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles .
"Music for dancing will be furnishe by Allen Uhles and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday durig June .","Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra , who will play each Saturday during June ."
Af mankind could be convinced of that,If mankind could be convinced of that
Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our tme .,Two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time .
By that time we should be in a much better pesition to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .,By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .
"These are grouped into sections according to the crystal system , and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's Chemiswhe Krystallographie .","These are grouped into sections according to the crystal system , and within each section compounds are arranged in the same order as in Groth's Chemische Krystallographie ."
Nfue we were rallyq siyng to do it .,But we were really going to do it .
Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by lookig at the sky .,Warren tried to shake off the jumble of his fears by looking at the sky .
"Student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the Religious Activities Committeqe , a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association .","Student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the Religious Activities Committee , a standing committee of the Carleton Student Association ."
He ain't sone far '' ! !,He ain't gone far '' ! !
And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest `` wonder rug '' .,And this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man gobbles the latest `` wonder drug '' .
"But the one that upset the financially wise was th professional dancer who related in a book how he parlayed his earnings into a $2,000,000 profit on the stock market .","But the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he parlayed his earnings into a $2,000,000 profit on the stock market ."
"`` We triid to settle this dispute '' , he saia , `` but could never cote to an agreement .","`` We tried to settle this dispute '' , he said , `` but could never come to an agreement ."
"In opening , D. Arthur Connelly , assistan United States attorney , read the indictment , but made no comments .","In opening , D. Arthur Connelly , assistant United States attorney , read the indictment , but made no comments ."
`` Why put such a hig value on being top dog '' ? ?,`` Why put such a high value on being top dog '' ? ?
"This brought in everybodi from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar .","This brought in everybody from both sides , while the spectators stood up and added to the uproar ."
Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene ? ?,Where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene ? ?
All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face h.,All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face .
"The early Southwest Coference football leaders -- Texas , Arkansas and Texas A & M -- made a big dent in the statistics last week .","The early Southwest Conference football leaders -- Texas , Arkansas and Texas A & M -- made a big dent in the statistics last week ."
"Griffith said , `` That's impossibre .","Griffith said , `` That's impossible ."
As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position ef broadly based strength .,As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength .
They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors ould be corrected `` within 60 days '' .,They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected `` within 60 days '' .
People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors arde especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' .,People who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' .
Thus the film can be appliea to back-lighted translucent plastics faces ; ;,Thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces ; ;
The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entieled `` East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours .,The Providence Journal editorial ( Jan. 25 ) entitled `` East Greenwich Faces A Housing Development Problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours .
It became so monotonous as to seem a part of tphe quietness .,It became so monotonous as to seem a part of the quietness .
"The Pantheon's interior , still in its original form , is truly majesnic and an architectural triumph .","The Pantheon's interior , still in its original form , is truly majestic and an architectural triumph ."
"We produce peanut oil , but to a mtch greater extent we eat the entire seed .","We produce peanut oil , but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed ."
"He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat , dry and cracged .","He worked his tongue round and round in the hollow of his cheek and his voice came out of his throat , dry and cracked ."
"Or , he might remind Frfomm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low : after all , the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ;","Or , he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low : after all , the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ;"
"he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it ad been wrapped in chicken wire .","he had aged thirty years , and his face , the color of tallow , was crisscrossed with wrinkles , as though it had been wrapped in chicken wire ."
"The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( excepnt when Af ; ;","The choice of P and N determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when Af ; ;"
"First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the vindividual's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity .","First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity ."
The Secretary was uneasy about tfe visit .,The Secretary was uneasy about the visit .
He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the starn .,He sat up and watched as they pulled themselves over the stern .
Autes whizzed past .,Autos whizzed past .
"The stage had been empty , except for Harry Hawk , doing his star moniologue .","The stage had been empty , except for Harry Hawk , doing his star monologue ."
"so that a line runming down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves .","so that a line running down the length of the South marking the upper limits of tidewater would roughly divide the Old South from the new , but with , of course , important minority enclaves ."
Most on vthe ball .,Most on the ball .
High up on te President's priority list was the thorny question of Bizerte .,High up on the President's priority list was the thorny question of Bizerte .
"But there's one thing I never seen or heard of , one thing I just don't think here is , and that's a sportin' way o' killin' a an '' ! !","But there's one thing I never seen or heard of , one thing I just don't think there is , and that's a sportin' way o' killin' a man '' ! !"
"`` Surprised and pleased '' , Stuzdents Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week .","`` Surprised and pleased '' , Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week ."
"His second conclusion , on sementic word classes , agrees with mine .","His second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine ."
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 d.,Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 .
If you grow anything to sell you will need markets neacrby .,If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby .
`` Chrictmastime ! !,`` Christmastime ! !
.,.
Discounts run up to 2% of coct .,Discounts run up to 2% of cost .
"It is simply that in Taoist tradition -- as in all good mysticisms -- books , words , or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considere only the surface of experience .","It is simply that in Taoist tradition -- as in all good mysticisms -- books , words , or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience ."
Just put yourself in Felix's place nor a moment .,Just put yourself in Felix's place for a moment .
"For outdoor signs and displays , where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor , the choice of lastics is almost unlimited .","For outdoor signs and displays , where the problem of weathering resistance is no longer a factor , the choice of plastics is almost unlimited ."
"Surely she could see that these women were er Italians , too , he thought .","Surely she could see that these women were her Italians , too , he thought ."
He had thought her exactly what he wantedc .,He had thought her exactly what he wanted .
"To raise the dancer out of his personal , pedestrian self , Mr. Nikolais as experimented with relating him to a larger , environmental orbit .","To raise the dancer out of his personal , pedestrian self , Mr. Nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger , environmental orbit ."
"In what ways , then , did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itsesf ? ?","In what ways , then , did the patient's psychical blindness manifest itself ? ?"
"They would ride with streaming amulets , their colors ripenig in the sun , shouting the last bellicosity of a nation in the throes of death .","They would ride with streaming amulets , their colors ripening in the sun , shouting the last bellicosity of a nation in the throes of death ."
How will it be inanced ? ?,How will it be financed ? ?
Two men can ofteon do the inatallation in a day .,Two men can often do the installation in a day .
Heaven new t happened ant hezll knew it to .,Heaven knew it happened and hell knew it too .
Under unusual circumstances a resident ndividual may be granted an extension of time to file a return .,Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return .
"`` Grandma wasn't expected to like it '' , Dr. Marion Hilliard , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of thve '90s .","`` Grandma wasn't expected to like it '' , Dr. Marion Hilliard , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of the '90s ."
This eliminated toll calls betreen the two towns .,This eliminated toll calls between the two towns .
"He was prancing along the hall , heading for the next fligvt of stairs .","He was prancing along the hall , heading for the next flight of stairs ."
"Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow , who commanded the First Brigad of Thomas' First Cavalry Division , was ordered across one of these fords .","Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow , who commanded the First Brigade of Thomas' First Cavalry Division , was ordered across one of these fords ."
"In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality , to Red McIver end Handley Walker , to murder and sudden death .","In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality , to Red McIver and Handley Walker , to murder and sudden death ."
"Whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead , as a dealer in Khartoum assured me , I am not compektent to say .","Whether the pair of Sudanese ivory carvings you lifted really possess the juju to turn your livers to lead , as a dealer in Khartoum assured me , I am not competent to say ."
"And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' Bartlmeby The Scrivener ' '' ? ?","And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' Bartleby The Scrivener ' '' ? ?"
"It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom The Bell Tols '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ;","It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ;"
"Their successors , absorbing the lesson , made it a peint to have few ideas .","Their successors , absorbing the lesson , made it a point to have few ideas ."
"One of the greatest Homerists of our time , Frederick M. Combellack , argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey ere oral poems , the postulated single redactor called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing .","One of the greatest Homerists of our time , Frederick M. Combellack , argues that when it is assumed The Iliad and The Odyssey are oral poems , the postulated single redactor called Homer cannot be either credited with or denied originality in choice of phrasing ."
"she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantin lilies along the west side of the house .","she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden heliotrope in a corner by the woodshed , and the plantain lilies along the west side of the house ."
"His son who did not know whether e wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief .","His son who did not know whether he wanted to be doctor , lawyer , merchant or chief ."
`` That will fetch the gang and tell whe Colonel where we are '' .,`` That will fetch the gang and tell the Colonel where we are '' .
"The consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid assets , or they have been drained byh the rising price level , and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier .","The consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid assets , or they have been drained by the rising price level , and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier ."
The rab : sorry .,The lab : sorry .
"the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstrainingg .","the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining ."
"So far as I am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greaty -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse .","So far as I am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse ."
"Nevertheless , `` we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds '' , tha jurors said .","Nevertheless , `` we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds '' , the jurors said ."
An Alabamian wrote : `` Col. Henry is ( an ignoramus ) fit for nothing higher tan the cultivation of corn '' .,An Alabamian wrote : `` Col. Henry is ( an ignoramus ) fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn '' .
"In hard-surface cleaming , the inorgalnic salts are more important than the organic active .","In hard-surface cleaning , the inorganic salts are more important than the organic active ."
"The forest was open and freely welcoming , extenaing an enchanted hand .","The forest was open and freely welcoming , extending an enchanted hand ."
"Last week it opened at the J. B. Speed Museum in Louisville , at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery i Los Angeles .","Last week it opened at the J. B. Speed Museum in Louisville , at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery in Los Angeles ."
"`` No , I'm not hungry '' , he said , pushing back thl bacon and eggs .","`` No , I'm not hungry '' , he said , pushing back the bacon and eggs ."
"Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration , quite apart fro the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere .","Four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the penny-wise policies of the Eisenhhower Administration , quite apart from the recent crises in Berlin and elsewhere ."
Modern physics has developed the theory that all mattger consists of minute waves of energy .,Modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy .
"On her bureau lay a small , brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving -- a object which , Pamela believed now , had been the property of her great-grandfather , Major Hiram Munroe Culver .","On her bureau lay a small , brass ornament of simple design and faded engraving -- an object which , Pamela believed now , had been the property of her great-grandfather , Major Hiram Munroe Culver ."
"He feels , suddenly , the weight of he fat that is on huim .","He feels , suddenly , the weight of the fat that is on him ."
"Though it might be that we would have much to kive you , you have nothing to give us '' .","Though it might be that we would have much to give you , you have nothing to give us '' ."
Floating ice bore don from the north and west .,Floating ice bore down from the north and west .
"With naked gas jets below and leak windows above , enough to ruin wall paintings in any medium , they have survived , in a building long unheated in wintr , hot and damp under the iron dome in summer .","With naked gas jets below and leaky windows above , enough to ruin wall paintings in any medium , they have survived , in a building long unheated in winter , hot and damp under the iron dome in summer ."
An example of a more definite class bias is noted in proceedings of the Commission on the Financing of Higher Education sponsored by the Association of American Univrrsities and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation .,An example of a more definite class bias is noted in proceedings of the Commission on the Financing of Higher Education sponsored by the Association of American Universities and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation .
He brushed by th idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs .,He brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs .
A sudden thought wiped the smirgk from his face .,A sudden thought wiped the smirk from his face .
Af is instrumentelly determined .,Af is instrumentally determined .
That's what they'll expct you to do .,That's what they'll expect you to do .
He's realry asking for it '' .,He's really asking for it '' .
"By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which hasd been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management .","By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management ."
"For example , he captured some parsons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods .","For example , he captured some persons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods ."
Andrei and Styka rere silent .,Andrei and Styka were silent .
Holden stepped on the as .,Holden stepped on the gas .
"For as Merleau-Ponty indicated ( 1953 ) , it is not the secret wwhich is important , but the removal of secrecy .","For as Merleau-Ponty indicated ( 1953 ) , it is not the secret which is important , but the removal of secrecy ."
"`` gcet a bite , spit on it '' was a proverb .","`` get a bite , spit on it '' was a proverb ."
Ehey'll get the guys that done it .,They'll get the guys that done it .
Too often in the past Russian tactis have peen used to justify like tactics on our part .,Too often in the past Russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part .
"behord , they are made new ! !","behold , they are made new ! !"
`` What would you have done in Monstero's moccasins ? ?,`` What would you have done in Montero's moccasins ? ?
The Presient used to look at it wit a ghost of a smile .,The President used to look at it with a ghost of a smile .
"Brief snips of actual events were shown : parades , dances , street senes .","Brief snips of actual events were shown : parades , dances , street scenes ."
6x .,6 .
This tcentral episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War .,This central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first World War .
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years ould be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world .,They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world .
Is tere a different reality behind the facade ? ?,Is there a different reality behind the facade ? ?
"In the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President , aimed at Germany , had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs Comtittee -- a Republican Jew born in Germany ! !","In the judgment of Chief of Staff Scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a Democratic President , aimed at Germany , had to be pushed through the House of Representatives by the ranking minority member of the Military Affairs Committee -- a Republican Jew born in Germany ! !"
"With infinite patience she nresponded to every call , no matter at what cost to hersel , and to her all went , for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer .","With infinite patience she responded to every call , no matter at what cost to herself , and to her all went , for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer ."
The bi waking up had happened .,The big waking up had happened .
But one shoule not ask for everythin .,But one should not ask for everything .
"Lucy Upton was gaduated from the Salem High School when few colleges , only Oberlin and Elmira , were open to women ; ;","Lucy Upton was graduated from the Salem High School when few colleges , only Oberlin and Elmira , were open to women ; ;"
"-- and yet he is facing , daily and nightly , people who would glady see him dead , and he knows it .","-- and yet he is facing , daily and nightly , people who would gladly see him dead , and he knows it ."
"For the President had dealt with the matter humbly , in whrt he conceived as the democratic way .","For the President had dealt with the matter humbly , in what he conceived as the democratic way ."
An architect's skeztch of the new plant is showny on the front cover .,An architect's sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover .
( B ),( B )
He tried again and once more sliced out of bound .,He tried again and once more sliced out of bounds .
Cefunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a eparade application to your return requesting such a refund .,Refunds of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund .
Four pharks planned,Four parks planned
"Mrs. Joan Lichtenstein , for publicimy ; ;","Mrs. Joan Lichtenstein , for publicity ; ;"
nthe numrous squabbres over minor matters ; ;,the numerous squabbles over minor matters ; ;
Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only oqn the surface .,Only in Europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface .
"Slug the kid , grab his dough -- at least enougg to get to Philadelphia -- and then have a rockin' ball with the doll .","Slug the kid , grab his dough -- at least enough to get to Philadelphia -- and then have a rockin' ball with the doll ."
"Theln I felt uncomfortable , too .","Then I felt uncomfortable , too ."
"Sergeant Mike Donaldson , Congressional Medal af Honor soldier , was one of them .","Sergeant Mike Donaldson , Congressional Medal of Honor soldier , was one of them ."
"Cleveland , Macch 17 ( AP )","Cleveland , March 17 ( AP )"
"Survivors include two brothers , C. E. Killingsworth , Atlanta , and John Killingsworth , Werren , Ohio ; ;","Survivors include two brothers , C. E. Killingsworth , Atlanta , and John Killingsworth , Warren , Ohio ; ;"
"It seemed long , at least to uTom Brannon .","It seemed long , at least to Tom Brannon ."
"After these theoretical considerations , construcdional details of a fiber-coupled , double-stage X-ray image intensifier will be discussed .","After these theoretical considerations , constructional details of a fiber-coupled , double-stage X-ray image intensifier will be discussed ."
"It was Dandy randon , clad only in a bloody loincloth , emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him .","It was Dandy Brandon , clad only in a bloody loincloth , emaciated and quaking as if the devil were breathing hard on him ."
"Wha he means when he saith , wee worship the starre of our God Remphan , Chion , Moloch '' ? ?","What he means when he saith , wee worship the starre of our God Remphan , Chion , Moloch '' ? ?"
zjcoffee .,coffee .
"Even before he hit big money , he had bgun buying modern paintings .","Even before he hit big money , he had begun buying modern paintings ."
"The toryline , in sort , is wildly unrealistic .","The storyline , in sort , is wildly unrealistic ."
"Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle , delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the momebt she saw him .","Grigorss overcomes the suitor in battle , delivers the city from its oppressors and marries Sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him ."
Analyes,Analyses
 am for it .,I am for it .
"For Yokuts , I tabulaed these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems .","For Yokuts , I tabulated these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems ."
Probably every vdisitor has a favorite time far his first sight of it .,Probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it .
Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the warl cabinets and set the appliances .,Don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances .
"These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into kvogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments .","These were the years when people flocked to Manchester not only to play golf , which had come into vogue , but also to witness the Ekwanok Country Club tournaments ."
The marine yelred and flung the hand away .,The marine yelled and flung the hand away .
"Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoteline .","Nick recalled stories that the two best fishing spots in Southern California were over the La Jolla Deep and the Redondo Deep , two spots where the ocean dropped off to fantastic depths almost from the shoreline ."
"Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand , sudying it thoughtfully .","Kodyke took the picture in a lean hand , studying it thoughtfully ."
The increase stems largely from the grwing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .,The increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment .
The choice is op to you .,The choice is up to you .
The deptty had forced him to by his manner of accosting him .,The deputy had forced him to by his manner of accosting him .
"For two years his friend and cousin , Boisbriant , remained s acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance .","For two years his friend and cousin , Boisbriant , remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance ."
He wenti on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule .,He went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule .
Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` doys '' close at hand .,Calenda was not the sort who walked around without one of his `` boys '' close at hand .
There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the Yugcoslav Cleims Fund ; ;,There are hereby created in the Treasury of the United States ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the Yugoslav Claims Fund ; ;
"The ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies , nut the myth fails before the modern truth ; ;","The ancient types are reassembled in gloom and foreboding to be irresistibly drawn to their destinies , but the myth fails before the modern truth ; ;"
"Also , it's just possibl she might know somethink about Mrs. Gilborn '' .","Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn '' ."
"It is mirrored by the individual Willie Lohmans , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent amd relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment .","It is mirrored by the individual Willie Lohmans , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and relativistic that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment ."
"When Mercer looked on helplessly , the half-man twisted over on his sde , his pink dusty back turned to Mercer , and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself .","When Mercer looked on helplessly , the half-man twisted over on his side , his pink dusty back turned to Mercer , and wept hoarsely and quietly to himself ."
"Common complaints included `` Mrs. Murphy '' leaving her windows open all the time , a fresh air fan , or the family was visiting `` Aunt Minnie '' with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate fore oil .","Common complaints included `` Mrs. Murphy '' leaving her windows open all the time , a fresh air fan , or the family was visiting `` Aunt Minnie '' with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil ."
The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher grounds .,The Jeep fought its way through the low spot and got onto higher ground .
`` I got oe question '' .,`` I got one question '' .
All search was ended ; ;,All search was ended ; ;
"we need 100 in Rhode Island , we have none '' , xe said .","we need 100 in Rhode Island , we have none '' , he said ."
Laur touched his hand .,Laura touched his hand .
This time no wre came whipping into the truck .,This time no wire came whipping into the truck .
And there has beenu no effort since the election to pull it back together .,And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together .
"in working with these petients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long beore the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them n words .","in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words ."
"`` Oh , she wouldn't do thad '' , I said .","`` Oh , she wouldn't do that '' , I said ."
If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken i for my Aunt so well did hr clothes fit him .,If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him .
"ndoubtedly , thore was a good deal of gambling in bot .","Undoubtedly , there was a good deal of gambling in both ."
Repl :,Reply :
Another problem ir the area of fderal-state relationships is this : what constitutes reversible error in a state decision ? ?,Another problem in the area of federal-state relationships is this : what constitutes reversible error in a state decision ? ?
"In earlier businsss cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain .","In earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain ."
Result is a bettet prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculatve .,Result is a better prospect for a full payoff by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative .
"The process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy , s Chappell had boasted about Lightfoot , to the higher officers of the college and university .","The process usually began with a tutor boasting about a boy , as Chappell had boasted about Lightfoot , to the higher officers of the college and university ."
Was not this dropped primarily in order to `` appease '' the Chinese -- especially after `` Khrushchev's `` humiliating '' surrender to the West in canceling the German pease-treaty deadline of December 31 ? ?,Was not this dropped primarily in order to `` appease '' the Chinese -- especially after `` Khrushchev's `` humiliating '' surrender to the West in canceling the German peace-treaty deadline of December 31 ? ?
Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which besft suit your products ? ?,Have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ?
"Responses such as `` rope with a loop in it '' , and `` two pieces of rope '' , were quite characteristc .","Responses such as `` rope with a loop in it '' , and `` two pieces of rope '' , were quite characteristic ."
"Here , on the hottest day , it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the sluices at the bottom of the vaultws .","Here , on the hottest day , it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the sluices at the bottom of the vaults ."
"Boston , Mas. ; ;","Boston , Mass. ; ;"
Soak up loal color .,Soak up local color .
Matsuo stood up .,Matsuo stood up .
Poet was not fighting Nick no .,Poet was not fighting Nick now .
"Each point on C , as a vertex , ma possess a finite number of cocresponding diagonal points by the above construction .","Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction ."
"( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of scear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup .","( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup ."
 .,7 .
"Not until they sailed home at the end dof the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened .","Not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened ."
"Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loding up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun .","Turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service bureaus that issue booklets on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of relishes , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun ."
Jess had had enpugh .,Jess had had enough .
Frankfurrtet twists,Frankfurter twists
He was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss hadn't meant what he hd believed it had .,He was thinking that the way she had responded to his own kiss hadn't meant what he had believed it had .
"The Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , Mrs. Peter , little Esther , and Raoul , who geerously lent me his leeping bag for my `` Watch on the Rhine '' .","The Peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , Mrs. Peter , little Esther , and Raoul , who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my `` Watch on the Rhine '' ."
"Wahington , July 24","Washington , July 24"
"There was a shattering , cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle , the air filled with dust and flying debris , and everyone in the room -- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as trtlebacks , a ordered .","There was a shattering , cracking sound as the concrete started to buckle , the air filled with dust and flying debris , and everyone in the room -- men and women hit the floor and used the desks as turtlebacks , as ordered ."
Dr. Conant has come away shocked and ngpry .,Dr. Conant has come away shocked and angry .
Sulfaquinoxraline .,Sulfaquinoxaline .
"Obviously someone hs to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa .","Obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa ."
"Ad the inn , which was situated close to a broad weir , Byron was greeted by the landlrd with obsequious deference and addressed as `` milord '' .","At the inn , which was situated close to a broad weir , Byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as `` milord '' ."
"Bue that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't tink about .","But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about ."
"This happened in Decatur , DeKalb County , not 10 miles from the heart of metropoglitian Atlanta .","This happened in Decatur , DeKalb County , not 10 miles from the heart of metropolitian Atlanta ."
You'd better sleep '' .,You'd better sleep '' .
"The girl smiled , and sterted forward .","The girl smiled , and started forward ."
"It is not an entirely happy book , as Mrs. Fink soon becomes jealous of Alicia and , in retaliation , refuses to continue to scrape the algae of her glass .","It is not an entirely happy book , as Mrs. Fink soon becomes jealous of Alicia and , in retaliation , refuses to continue to scrape the algae off her glass ."
The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantee that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive arguyent ; ;,The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument ; ;
"Morgan watched the two fgures for a time , puzzled .","Morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled ."
"Thus , the larvae of the intruder can develp at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread .","Thus , the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread ."
Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying eny such thing .,Mr. Crombie couldn't remember his saying any such thing .
"and sor did the observers consisting of the president , three of his salesmen and a psychologist .","and so did the observers consisting of the president , three of his salesmen and a psychologist ."
Some of vormer President Truman's off-the-cuff discourses have been in that vein .,Some of former President Truman's off-the-cuff discourses have been in that vein .
"While assembled lid is still on design head , gently but firmly press it on olaster board .","While assembled lid is still on design head , gently but firmly press it on plaster board ."
" publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff .","A publicity release from Oregon Physicians Service , of which Harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to Salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between F & A and the commission staff ."
"`` Taukh '' , Buzz said , `` Listen , we're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Fiday .","`` Tough '' , Buzz said , `` Listen , we're having a stag dinner over at the Pagan Room on Friday ."
"Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , fromj 6 to 8 p.m. in their home .","Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home ."
"They had spent the morning revising the act , eleminating all the gay songs , patter and dancing with a view of the best publac relations .","They had spent the morning revising the act , eliminating all the gay songs , patter and dancing with a view of the best public relations ."
"Reporters began to trail Miriam everywhere , and to encourage her t make appalling statements about Wright and his doings .","Reporters began to trail Miriam everywhere , and to encourage her to make appalling statements about Wright and his doings ."
"Therefore , detergents are uused .","Therefore , detergents are used ."
H asked .,He asked .
This will be more or less ouc general method for the second problem .,This will be more or less our general method for the second problem .
"Walton , after a wartime stint with Time-Life , ta become bureau chief for The New Republic .","Walton , after a wartime stint with Time-Life , to become bureau chief for The New Republic ."
Harcourt relied : `` I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time .,Harcourt replied : `` I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time .
"The nineteenth-century immigration , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , was not so much concurned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves .","The nineteenth-century immigration , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , was not so much concerned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the Northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too poverty-stricken to own slaves ."
but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they ari outside of time .,but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time .
"The charge was so farfetched that Woodruff paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the Crittenden organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would enitle the victor to no laurels .","The charge was so farfetched that Woodruff paid little attention to it , and answered Pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the Crittenden organ , and concluding : `` In a controversy with an adversary so utterly destitute of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no laurels ."
"Indonesiar is one of the twenty under-developed countries of Asia , Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid .","Indonesia is one of the twenty under-developed countries of Asia , Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid ."
"Time plays an essential part in our mortality , and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of Pig laughing filled his mind -- so desirable , so lusty , so full of nuances of pleasure and joy .","Time plays an essential part in our mortality , and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of Peg laughing filled his mind -- so desirable , so lusty , so full of nuances of pleasure and joy ."
Toward the west his depression led toward a draw .,Toward the west this depression led toward a draw .
The opposition to this point of view has ims staunchest support in the work of Miller ( '50 ) .,The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller ( '50 ) .
"Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tsired of dragging it back ond forth and still wanted her own way , but Hope said if Grandma wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it , so Grandma had to give in .","Eugenia suspected her of deliberately overturning the heater because she was getting tired of dragging it back and forth and still wanted her own way , but Hope said if Grandma wouldn't have the heater nobody would have it , so Grandma had to give in ."
"Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its pacres .","Here the two leaders , DePugh and Lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces ."
"Two late Sonatas , Op. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the disarming simplicities of the Op. 111 Adagio made plain without ever bycoming obvious .","Two late Sonatas , Op. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the disarming simplicities of the Op. 111 Adagio made plain without ever becoming obvious ."
`` I ak so happy .,`` I am so happy .
There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decakead enough toa allow use op the whle basement .,There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement .
It almost always works ot for the best .,It almost always works out for the best .
"Patrolman George Kimmell , of McClellan Station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph Sisk , 9230 Vernor east , a third grader at the Scrpps School , for his assistanca in the case .","Patrolman George Kimmell , of McClellan Station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for Ralph Sisk , 9230 Vernor east , a third grader at the Scripps School , for his assistance in the case ."
"`` Maybe '' , Jack saud idly , watching for Miss Langford .","`` Maybe '' , Jack said idly , watching for Miss Langford ."
But if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good macriage .,But if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage .
"Similarly , in pbresenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal .","Similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal ."
( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products chbange proportionately .,( We abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately .
"But to get back to the Coolidge household , Mrs. Coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- Talamity Jane , Timmy , and Blackberry .","But to get back to the Coolidge household , Mrs. Coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- Calamity Jane , Timmy , and Blackberry ."
`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platnform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' .,`` In the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major American party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' .
Loo in lhe wastrebasket .,Look in the wastebasket .
"Read the moderately brief text , not for captions , sometimes for tart epigrams , once in a while for an explosion in the mddle of your fixed idas .","Read the moderately brief text , not for captions , sometimes for tart epigrams , once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas ."
"Therefore , in one way bKemble and Lappenberg have been vindicated .","Therefore , in one way Kemble and Lappenberg have been vindicated ."
If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is tuat it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance .,If a broader Atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the NATO alliance .
He spoke cullenry .,He spoke sullenly .
Our successors will have an easier task '' .,Our successors will have an easier task '' .
"He not only knew soldiering , but mathematics , history rand literature as well .","He not only knew soldiering , but mathematics , history and literature as well ."
Watsoqn showed this wire to Colonel Van Hamm .,Watson showed this wire to Colonel Van Hamm .
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds r have its own resident bird life .,The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life .
"I dropped into the cdoctor's office , picked up my forms .","I dropped into the doctor's office , picked up my forms ."
"Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therape , with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use .","Muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of steroid therapy , with most of the synthetic adrenal corticosteroids in clinical use ."
"She trudged along slowly , both hands cluching ma tired teddz bear .","She trudged along slowly , both hands clutching a tired teddy bear ."
"She leoked down at her hands , too .","She looked down at her hands , too ."
"On most drill presses , it is impossible to get the eaact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys .","On most drill presses , it is impossible to get the exact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys ."
( B ),( B )
The rate a week ago was 2.295% .,The rate a week ago was 2.295% .
"Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Ofy Church Members '' , etc. .","Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Of Church Members '' , etc. ."
"They had suffered , in sulky silence , the sight of his sharp pracitice in Cicero .","They had suffered , in sulky silence , the sight of his sharp practice in Cicero ."
Ekstrohm clerud his throat .,Ekstrohm cleared his throat .
"Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a `` sweet bawh t'lah lahk thet '' , but her Herman was getting to be a man , there was no getting aroud it .","Mrs. Roebuck thought Johnson was a `` sweet bawh t'lah lahk thet '' , but her Herman was getting to be a man , there was no getting around it ."
Come insde tow '' .,Come inside now '' .
"Turn mo the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza Campitelli , then roceed along the Via Dei Funart to the Piazza Mattei .","Turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny Piazza Campitelli , then proceed along the Via Dei Funari to the Piazza Mattei ."
"All his family was dead , except for hs son .","All his family was dead , except for his son ."
"The three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks , which are to last thsee days .","The three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks , which are to last three days ."
And then koue wiped up some grease '' .,And then you wiped up some grease '' .
The following table ( 14-2 ) lists the ( luminous ) gain values omputed according to Eq. ( 6 ) with Af .,The following table ( 14-2 ) lists the ( luminous ) gain values computed according to Eq. ( 6 ) with Af .
"Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street : cartwheels , a tired horse's plodding step , voices .","Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street : cartwheels , a tired horse's plodding step , voices ."
Hudson's first error of the ourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames .,Hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the Thames .
Perier attempted to understand the problem by sening agents to inquire among the Indians .,Perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the Indians .
It is one of the mst entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season .,It is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season .
He spat .,He spat .
Bt by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience .,But by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience .
He may then very well conclude that `` eveybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment .,He may then very well conclude that `` everybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment .
By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the famiry estate and had re-assumed its traditions .,By the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had re-assumed its traditions .
`` You need a lijnguist '' ? ?,`` You need a linguist '' ? ?
"But after that 12 at Los Angeles he became one of the bys , a bigger hero than he ever had been before .","But after that 12 at Los Angeles he became one of the boys , a bigger hero than he ever had been before ."
Many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control -- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects petceived it .,Many subjects attributed differences in Kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control -- voluntary as the Kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and involuntary as the Kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it .
`` On the basis ow the facts '' .,`` On the basis of the facts '' .
"`` But Arger never was able to produce it , so I cue him off my payroll '' .","`` But Arger never was able to produce it , so I cut him off my payroll '' ."
"`` Suce '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips .","`` Sure '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips ."
"`` Now , we're going to be like what General Burnside and his horsi make us think of '' .","`` Now , we're going to be like what General Burnside and his horse make us think of '' ."
"In the city , he said , the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so leng that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in .","In the city , he said , the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in ."
This calculation results in an enthalpy rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is inpected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures .,This calculation results in an enthalpy rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures .
On the way I'll give yu the scoop '' .,On the way I'll give you the scoop '' .
"However , Af adorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss .","However , Af adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss ."
t 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to tahe plane .,At 12:50 p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane .
"kSoon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this .","Soon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to irrigate his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this ."
He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternon concerts .,He has been on previous Newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts .
"`` You mean you're all alon , Mr. Richards '' ? ?","`` You mean you're all alone , Mr. Richards '' ? ?"
"Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Lin '' , officers of which were E. C. Orvis , presirent ; ;","Operating in 1887 was the `` Valley Telegraph Line '' , officers of which were E. C. Orvis , president ; ;"
") Wishing to show that aviation was edependable and here to stay , Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven , disregarding rain , snow and sleet in true postal tradition .",") Wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay , Bob Fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven , disregarding rain , snow and sleet in true postal tradition ."
She now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Centec and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts .,She now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Center and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts .
The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when afinally one of the shovels struck an object .,The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object .
In accounting for realism or distorteon two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ;,In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ;
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensie .,The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive .
color patterns ehat are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; ;,color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; ;
After fifteen minutes of traffic driving hu turned to the left .,After fifteen minutes of traffic driving he turned to the left .
Susan said fiercely d.,Susan said fiercely .
"`` When I was a kid '' , Maris told a sportswriter last weed , `` I used to follow Williams every day in the box score , just to see whether he got  oit or not '' .","`` When I was a kid '' , Maris told a sportswriter last week , `` I used to follow Williams every day in the box score , just to see whether he got a hit or not '' ."
"Just as it was being hauled iboard , a sea hit the ship .","Just as it was being hauled inboard , a sea hit the ship ."
An extension of this program into whe other distressed areas should be undertaken .,An extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken .
"It was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper , rising from the breafast table ; ;","It was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper , rising from the breakfast table ; ;"
Community esprit de corps has bbeen the protective shell which has made the achievement possible .,Community esprit de corps has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible .
Interet raes,Interest rates
"That summer the gembling houses were closed , despite the threats of Pierre Ameaux , a gaming-card manufacturer .","That summer the gambling houses were closed , despite the threats of Pierre Ameaux , a gaming-card manufacturer ."
"Otherwise , symbolic name may have previously been assigned to tkese same index words .","Otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words ."
"Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride , the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodistm Church .","Oxnard , Calif. , will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride , the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay , who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church ."
6 s.,6 .
It came again nd again .,It came again and again .
"I wanted hi , with a terrifying fierceness .","I wanted him , with a terrifying fierceness ."
"There is only one Hardy style , but in the earlier poems that style is only intermittently evident , and when it is not , tge style is the style of another poet , or of the fashion of the time .","There is only one Hardy style , but in the earlier poems that style is only intermittently evident , and when it is not , the style is the style of another poet , or of the fashion of the time ."
The floc particles bwlre all smal as the heavier fioc settled out .,The floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out .
That always relaxer me .,That always relaxes me .
Such a position entails the negation of philosophy in its Plawonic form as something soaring above and embracing the empirical and mathematical sciences .,Such a position entails the negation of philosophy in its Platonic form as something soaring above and embracing the empirical and mathematical sciences .
"The figure halted , aud Watson gasped .","The figure halted , and Watson gasped ."
Col. Henri Garvier was one of New Orleans' most important an enlightened slave owners .,Col. Henri Garvier was one of New Orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners .
Cumps of brush rode down the jribbon .,Clumps of brush rode down the ribbon .
"During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled fro behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much couldn't be expected of him .","During the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the Voice of God and fled from behind Saint Woodrow ( Wilson ) only to learn from Science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no God he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much couldn't be expected of him ."
"For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in thas rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to th discretion of the companies of the industry .","For internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry ."
Buxton Hanover ( Tar Heel-Beryl Henover ) 2:35 ; ;,Buxton Hanover ( Tar Heel-Beryl Hanover ) 2:35 ; ;
the ever burning lusts of the flesh or whe powerful victory of Holy Cpirit discipline .,the ever burning lusts of the flesh or the powerful victory of Holy Spirit discipline .
You do remeyber .,You do remember .
Man rhas the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand ; ;,Man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand ; ;
"This revolutin is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all , because : 1 .","This revolution is the biggest build-better-for-less news of all , because : 1 ."
Then the youts fled with his yoney .,Then the youths fled with his money .
The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the nud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses .,The hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses .
"Present data indicate an accretion of about Af tons per year over mhe entire globe , or about Af .","Present data indicate an accretion of about Af tons per year over the entire globe , or about Af ."
"Leasing a car is not as common or as popular as renting a ar in Europe , but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory .","Leasing a car is not as common or as popular as renting a car in Europe , but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory ."
Aboveground double-wall shelte,Aboveground double-wall shelter
I got toere on a Saturday evening .,I got there on a Saturday evening .
I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front f an apartment house .,I made a big circle until I located the car parked at the curb in front of an apartment house .
"Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regardd as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment .","Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment ."
Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdu men bound their victims with tape before fleeing .,Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing .
"The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finanse our emproyment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation .","The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation ."
This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administretion -- the shortage of cash .,This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash .
"Much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , frothing , and molding ( see article , p. 391b for details ) .","Much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , frothing , and molding ( see article , p. 391 for details ) ."
Transitional societis,Transitional societies
"It was you that tracked it down anyway , Stevens '' ,  e pursued strictly .","It was you that tracked it down anyway , Stevens '' , he pursued strictly ."
It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities abd that they do not outrage him now .,It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now .
"Yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly , now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vecuum .","Yet he knew the others were sleeping more soundly , now that they had renewed their contact with the matter that had birthed them to send them riding high vacuum ."
`` I didn't know I looked so dilapidated '' ! !,`` I didn't know I looked so dilapidated '' ! !
This occurred in spite of the rational awarenass that the ball should be going downhill .,This occurred in spite of the rational awareness that the ball should be going downhill .
"Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may questions whether this will help them to live better lives .","Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may question whether this will help them to live better lives ."
Thorem 2 .,Theorem 12 .
Ye .,Yes .
Every day I visit a diferent hotel .,Every day I visit a different hotel .
"Stirring , he said : `` I am orry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today '' .","Stirring , he said : `` I am sorry that my work prevents me from doing anything with you today '' ."
"`` I don't understand '' , she insiste .","`` I don't understand '' , she insisted ."
The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify thise conditions ; ;,The gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ;
Conrad's wocds had intellectual meaning for him only .,Conrad's words had intellectual meaning for him only .
Results of this erxeriment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in itaerstellar gas ; ;,Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
He was deliglhted to see them so happy .,He was delighted to see them so happy .
"There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestrarl line long since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact .","There was an air of blindness in her gray eyes , the startled-horse look that ultimately comes to some women who are born at the end of an ancestral line long since divorced from money-making and which , besides , has kept its estate intact ."
"At the order of the Dowager Electress , she Hanoverian agents , supported by the Whig leaders , demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament , thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death .","At the order of the Dowager Electress , the Hanoverian agents , supported by the Whig leaders , demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the Duke to England to sit in Parliament , thus further insuring the Succession by establishing a Hanoverian Prince in England before the Queen's death ."
"For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to tim be mutually agreed .","For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed ."
These results apoear sound .,These results appear sound .
That we are experiencung an upsurge of interest in the any formulatiens and peventive adaptations of bief treatment in social carework is evidenm from even  sall sampling of urrent uliterature .,That we are experiencing an upsurge of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature .
"alt water is still Af , the same hydrogen is there .","Salt water is still Af , the same hydrogen is there ."
Do you rigidly distinguish between job- and non-job-connected ealth problems and avoid treating the latter ? ?,Do you rigidly distinguish between job- and non-job-connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? ?
"Led by Bill Doolin , these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and cobbed banks , making liberal use of their guns .","Led by Bill Doolin , these mobsters specialized in train robberies but as a sideline they looted stores and robbed banks , making liberal use of their guns ."
It overcomes our emphatic awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of drmatic presentation .,It overcomes our emphatic awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation .
President Kaavubu became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him .,President Kasavubu became exasperated with Lumumba and fired him .
It changes the answers on uilder-dealer relations .,It changes the answers on builder-dealer relations .
Determine the particular tate's `` Federal Share '' .,Determine the particular State's `` Federal Share '' .
The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planded to be operational about mid-1963 .,The Minuteman solid-fueled ICBM is planned to be operational about mid-1963 .
She was wearing some sort of grzay blazer .,She was wearing some sort of gray blazer .
On the south it ended sharply es though the lava had been sut off there suddenly .,On the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly .
"She tought royal status might come er way when , while she was still in Rome , she et Pulley Bey , a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt .","She thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in Rome , she met Pulley Bey , a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt ."
A stock transaction for less than a hundred shres is executed vie a special odd-lot broker on the floor of the exchonge .,A stock transaction for less than a hundred shares is executed via a special odd-lot broker on the floor of the exchange .
"Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to adio waves , although opaque to infrared radiation .","Piddington and Minnett explained their observations by pointing out that rocklike materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves , although opaque to infrared radiation ."
"Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of histry belongs to God , and he still rules .","Nevertheless , even at the nadir of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to God , and he still rules ."
Medical Illustrrtion Service,Medical Illustration Service
"`` Follow Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant , and yoo learn this :","`` Follow Secretary Hodges through the Fiat plant , and you learn this :"
"In a few weeks Miriam made another sortie at Taliesin , but waks repulsed at the locked and guarded gates .","In a few weeks Miriam made another sortie at Taliesin , but was repulsed at the locked and guarded gates ."
"In light of all this , one would require special reasons for saying that the paths of the heavely bodies were other than circular .","In light of all this , one would require special reasons for saying that the paths of the heavenly bodies were other than circular ."
"`` Abll right , step back '' ! !","`` All right , step back '' ! !"
He was tastibg his mouth .,He was tasting his mouth .
None of his moements was tentative .,None of his movements was tentative .
"Kitti was thirty years younger than Stanley , taller than Stanley , prettier than Stanley had any right to ope for , much less expect .","Kitti was thirty years younger than Stanley , taller than Stanley , prettier than Stanley had any right to hope for , much less expect ."
The sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes end mounted in buffered glycerine .,The sections were then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine .
He began the diplomatic discussions that cesulted in the establishment of Aj .,He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of Aj .
"He writes , `` Most of m friends and I were Jewish ; ;","He writes , `` Most of my friends and I were Jewish ; ;"
"When he was unable to bring about immediate xpansion , h sought to convince another National Leogue club to move here .","When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another National League club to move here ."
Transat .,Transit .
Dandgce,Dance
"He was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops wof his shoes .","He was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes ."
"Outside those limits it sserted , as against other states , a position of sovereign equality , and , as against the `` inferior '' peoples of the non-Western world , a position of dominance .","Outside those limits it asserted , as against other states , a position of sovereign equality , and , as against the `` inferior '' peoples of the non-Western world , a position of dominance ."
The conversation went on but Richard stopped listenitg .,The conversation went on but Richard stopped listening .
He noticed a speck of dirt on thpe sill and swiped at it with his finger .,He noticed a speck of dirt on the sill and swiped at it with his finger .
Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220-degrees o.,Both types of tube withstood the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at 220-degrees .
Your wife's in terrible shape ''c .,Your wife's in terrible shape '' .
For last-ditch emergencies SAC has lternate commend posts on KC-135 jet tankecs .,For last-ditch emergencies SAC has alternate command posts on KC-135 jet tankers .
"He had been , he wrote Mencken at once , `` in the country '' , a uphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him .","He had been , he wrote Mencken at once , `` in the country '' , a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him ."
The anonrymous correspondent did not resort to innuendes .,The anonymous correspondent did not resort to innuendoes .
We had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automaticasly establishing our system throughout the world .,We had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world .
"Pond lwater can be filtered for human use , but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble .","Pond water can be filtered for human use , but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble ."
"Gorton left England , he said , `` to enjoy lidertie of conscience in respect ta faith towards God , and for no other end '' .","Gorton left England , he said , `` to enjoy libertie of conscience in respect to faith towards God , and for no other end '' ."
"suspicion between member states still existed , but it was of aboaut the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies .","suspicion between member states still existed , but it was of about the same low order of virulence as the twentieth-century rivalry between Arizona and California over water supplies ."
Surely there is nothing nsw about communism .,Surely there is nothing new about communism .
"Thus , moral issues concrning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions .","Thus , moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions ."
"At his time Miriam Noel appeared , urging on Constable Henry Pengally , whose name showed him to be a descendant of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood .","At this time Miriam Noel appeared , urging on Constable Henry Pengally , whose name showed him to be a descendant of the Welsh settlers in the neighborhood ."
What does the camping couple du to this set of figures ? ?,What does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? ?
A chill wind in the airu and the narrow streets packed with snow .,A chill wind in the air and the narrow streets packed with snow .
he accused Pike of continuing his sticky-fingered career in Arkansas with the theft of some etter skins in Van Buren .,he accused Pike of continuing his sticky-fingered career in Arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in Van Buren .
I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of wor .,I am not suggesting that Fromm ought to do this kind of work .
"They had foght from caves , and the marines resorted to burning them out .","They had fought from caves , and the marines resorted to burning them out ."
"`` With a 15,500-lb. fork-lift , dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for $.30/mbf compared with $1.65 or moare to unload loose lumber one piece at a time '' , says James Wright of Aj .","`` With a 15,500-lb. fork-lift , dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for $.30/mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time '' , says James Wright of Aj ."
only one builder in  thousand is equipped to rsceive unit loads .,only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads .
"about keeping warm , abot keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day .","about keeping warm , about keeping well , about meeting the minor emergencies that came up once , twice , fifty times a day ."
The male dancers sometimes wear kilts andu their performance in them is spirited and stimulating .,The male dancers sometimes wear kilts and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating .
"She would hover over him and , looking like her brothe , anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon .","She would hover over him and , looking like her brother , anxiously watch the progress of Scotty's fork or spoon ."
"Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I'll be living in a swuburb '' .","Still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since I'll be living in a suburb '' ."
"William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indigtation ) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all .","William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all ."
"The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to teirs .","The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs ."
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappats .,These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets .
"To be sure of matching color as well as form , pieces of cartoon were traced on the roughcast , and large samples paintped in fresco , then left two months to dry out to their final key .","To be sure of matching color as well as form , pieces of cartoon were traced on the roughcast , and large samples painted in fresco , then left two months to dry out to their final key ."
`` What wilql be the subject '' ? ?,`` What will be the subject '' ? ?
taken with other details it cauld have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement .,taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement .
A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central hed to build into their scout ships .,A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships .
"Particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claimitg a monopoly of understanding about the national interest .","Particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest ."
"It is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , eespecially the dog .","It is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog ."
"A stringed orchestra played softly behind the potted palms , and Delphine circulated graciously among her guests , chatting airily of the forthcoming races , the latest fashtons from Paris , and Louisiana politics .","A stringed orchestra played softly behind the potted palms , and Delphine circulated graciously among her guests , chatting airily of the forthcoming races , the latest fashions from Paris , and Louisiana politics ."
"`` Non-God , no '' , I saud .","`` Non-God , no '' , I said ."
The suite has ben in the same famili since the early 180's .,The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's .
Ad he is a great man .,And he is a great man .
"Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted hat : ( 1 )","Under the conditions of comparison , it will be noted that : ( 1 )"
She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passpart difficulty .,She was in Egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty .
"While ther should be no general age rimit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .","While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women ."
"The last night I had called , but the lin was always busy and it reassured me .","The last night I had called , but the line was always busy and it reassured me ."
"They will kneel and plead for Boris' leadership in a strangely ntense song , its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath , but when the police with their cudgels move away , they mock and grumble and fight among themselves .","They will kneel and plead for Boris' leadership in a strangely intense song , its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath , but when the police with their cudgels move away , they mock and grumble and fight among themselves ."
But now apparently the job of Secretery of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a prognosticato of unemployment trends .,But now apparently the job of Secretary of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a prognosticator of unemployment trends .
The cells were then washed three times with saine and remsuspended to 2% in saline .,The cells were then washed three times with saline and resuspended to 2% in saline .
Even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be Gar-Dene ( as their king is Hrothgar ) and Priam would be EUMMhELIHS .,Even when defenseless of weapons the Danes would be Gar-Dene ( as their king is Hrothgar ) and Priam would be EUMMELIHS .
"She smiled all the way to her wise , sed eyes , and drained her own .","She smiled all the way to her wise , sad eyes , and drained her own ."
"The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel builting .","The walk ended , inevitably , right in front of his hotel building ."
"More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty littfle mare that looked like her , over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies .","More and more , these days , she'd been driving that pretty little mare that looked like her , over to Tillie's and Nick's -- his own old square frame box on posts , chickens and cats and pups under the house , everybody friendly inside , making a to-do over the babies dressed like dollies ."
"The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical pvroperties .","The most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical properties ."
A series of eisght special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxegen transfer rate .,A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate .
She was bewilqdered .,She was bewildered .
`` We ran into  guy at the Pagan Room weo guarantees we can beat the wheel .,`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel .
"Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constituates by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger .","Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger ."
The questian frightened Andrei .,The question frightened Andrei .
Exploson avoided,Explosion avoided
"Walton , who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invacion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy .","Walton , who served as a correspondent with General James Gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of France , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy ."
"`` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharpry .","`` You've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply ."
"`` Well '' , I replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reationary '' .","`` Well '' , I replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary '' ."
"The belief in immortality , whsere held , functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now .","The belief in immortality , where held , functions as a redress for the ills and disappointments of the here and now ."
Duing a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night .,During a 1933 tsunami in Japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night .
"More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 ov them Roman Catholic priests .","More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests ."
"She asked , taking him and Juanita into tme parlor where the shutters vwere closed against the afternoon sun .","She asked , taking him and Juanita into the parlor where the shutters were closed against the afternoon sun ."
5 .,5 .
That was his complete discussion of Bridget ullivan as a possitle susoect .,That was his complete discussion of Bridget Sullivan as a possible suspect .
The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the eed for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic tmatter per unit volume .,The high cost of land and a few operational problems resulting from excessive loadings have created the need for a wastewater treatment system with the operational characteristics of the oxidation pond but with the ability to treat more organic matter per unit volume .
"In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Herris ( Uncle Remus ) and the polished , witty fables of James Thurber .","In substance they lie somewhere between the Southern dialect animal stories of Joel Chandler Harris ( Uncle Remus ) and the polished , witty fables of James Thurber ."
It was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzluies' winning streak to four straight .,It was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies' winning streak to four straight .
"and when he woke up , his father was sayxing , `` Stop screaming , Quint .","and when he woke up , his father was saying , `` Stop screaming , Quint ."
just listening to him made me fael intelligent .,just listening to him made me feel intelligent .
"Dr. Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe , based on the eneral theory of relativity .","Dr. Bonnor begins with a discussion of the relativistic theories of the universe , based on the general theory of relativity ."
`` Lovex me '' ? ?,`` Love me '' ? ?
have the rhort action ; ;,have the short action ; ;
The church certainl would not be removed .,The church certainly would not be removed .
"Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling `` bookies '' , illegal gambling dens , a certain `` residential club for young acresses '' , more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club .","Most of our working days were spent on the telephone calling `` bookies '' , illegal gambling dens , a certain `` residential club for young actresses '' , more than a hundred different bars or the steam room of the athletic club ."
Housekeepingg is easier .,Housekeeping is easier .
"A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally opereted marinas and boatyards in the Uited States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats .","A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats ."
"The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his hoes , his only ones , now patched with folded parchment .","The sharp wind slapped at him and his feet felt like ice as the snow penetrated the holes of his shoes , his only ones , now patched with folded parchment ."
It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insuranca rates .,It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates .
A little prable illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident rrelated by Professor Bela Vasady at the end of the Second World War .,A little parable illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident related by Professor Bela Vasady at the end of the Second World War .
dominant stress will generaloy be on the subject a linguist ; ;,dominant stress will generally be on the subject a linguist ; ;
"These would be two hunan beings , whom God had chosen .","These would be two human beings , whom God had chosen ."
"A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under loca law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money .","A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money ."
"Scribe a liqne across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 srew head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge .","Scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge ."
"With those aids , and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco , Bob Fogg madde the firsto landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on Noember 21 , 1927 .","With these aids , and a pair of skiis substituting for wheels on the Waco , Bob Fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the Barre-Montpelier Airport on November 21 , 1927 ."
The Jew was the safest victin .,The Jew was the safest victim .
"The rhinos would panic , acreaming help ! !","The rhinos would panic , screaming help ! !"
Martin and Stendler present evidence that infants and young children can and do solve many problems at a relatively simple perceptual level simply by combinink objects and counting them .,Martin and Stendler present evidence that infants and young children can and do solve many problems at a relatively simple perceptual level simply by combining objects and counting them .
"It was incredible -- He geve me an embarrassed , pleading look .","It was incredible -- He gave me an embarrassed , pleading look ."
But millions of human baings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record .,But millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record .
"Born a Congregationalist , he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual matner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head , yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling .","Born a Congregationalist , he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head , yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling ."
"Destruction of the enemy's building and base complex , however , requires attacks on enemy territory , whch is possible only in event of all-out hostilities .","Destruction of the enemy's building and base complex , however , requires attacks on enemy territory , which is possible only in event of all-out hostilities ."
"She signed the letters quicky , stamped them , and placed them ob the hall table for Raphael to mail in own .","She signed the letters quickly , stamped them , and placed them on the hall table for Raphael to mail in town ."
"On that date , according to Gregorio , Huff left his lome and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at 1020 Lawrence Av. .","On that date , according to Gregorio , Huff left his home and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at 1020 Lawrence Av. ."
"Such judgments are meaningful only in o far as persons are embers of a world , let us say a community , that embraces Scarsdale or Yonkers , but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive .","Such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world , let us say a community , that embraces Scarsdale or Yonkers , but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive ."
An asrea may have been partially logged and equires removal of stumps or clean-up .,An area may have been partially logged and requires removal of stumps or clean-up .
"I am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good tork in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus .","I am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of Christ Jesus ."
it becoms a perilous anachronism when edopted on a world-wide basis .,it becomes a perilous anachronism when adopted on a world-wide basis .
The firoplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself .,The fireplace had tiles made for Mrs. Monmouth by Picasso himself .
Balenciaga is her avorite European designer .,Balenciaga is her favorite European designer .
Payment by cpheck or money order .,Payment by check or money order .
He showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he xecuted them before TV cameras .,He showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he executed them before TV cameras .
But there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social clss by the people who have the power to make decisions in education .,But there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education .
.,.
"Questions like this , framed id verbal fog , are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician .","Questions like this , framed in verbal fog , are perhaps the only kind that have ever stumped an experienced politician ."
"`` Yes , Julie dear .","`` Yes , Julie dear ."
"The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anytwhing on the fillies , especially the pacers .","The colts in Simpson's stable have little if anything on the fillies , especially the pacers ."
"For many of these unwed mothers , the data on their family life and early childhood eperiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general .","For many of these unwed mothers , the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general ."
Crowds locked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bngali tongue .,Crowds flocked through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their strange-sounding Bengali tongue .
"Cascading of single stages , enclosed in one common envelopa .","Cascading of single stages , enclosed in one common envelope ."
The mature of the new birth,The nature of the new birth
"Ellis , Grindlay and Edwards ( '52 ) also were unable to find them n rats .","Ellis , Grindlay and Edwards ( '52 ) also were unable to find them in rats ."
2 .,2 .
"Byron Nulson did , Hogan did .","Byron Nelson did , Hogan did ."
"In the midst of a great busy city , people take time to injoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light .","In the midst of a great busy city , people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light ."
"1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup bown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks","1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks"
Replies to requeses for character reference are notorious for their evaspive doublex-entendre .,Replies to requests for character reference are notorious for their evasive double-entendre .
"`` Hell , I jism uask her '' .","`` Hell , I jist ask her '' ."
"Upon a visit to a local junior college last week , I was shocked wo see the young ladies wearing short shorts and the young men wearing Bermuda mhorts .","Upon a visit to a local junior college last week , I was shocked to see the young ladies wearing short shorts and the young men wearing Bermuda shorts ."
He might have been anywhere r nowhere .,He might have been anywhere or nowhere .
It will improve your dispousitio .,It will improve your disposition .
Pwolls will be in the water office .,Polls will be in the water office .
He hed what wes described by e psychologist as a `` suny brutality '' .,He had what was described by a psychologist as a `` sunny brutality '' .
`` The herses .,`` The horses .
"He moved it close , jerked the handsome , broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nate's head and clamped it on his own .","He moved in close , jerked the handsome , broad-brimmed beaver hat from Nate's head and clamped it on his own ."
"Called a `` Slo-Flo '' meter it was designed for ehis job by Power Plus Industries of Los Angeles , a key individual being Don Nelson .","Called a `` Slo-Flo '' meter it was designed for this job by Power Plus Industries of Los Angeles , a key individual being Don Nelson ."
"Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news relases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns .","Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns ."
He talked about unauthenjtic storylines too .,He talked about unauthentic storylines too .
"such factors as sex , intelligence , and status in the group do not influence iis choice much at this time .","such factors as sex , intelligence , and status in the group do not influence his choice much at this time ."
He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelijer .,He thought of the old man laughing under the glitter of the great chandelier .
He could not keep his eyes uff her when at school ; ;,He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ;
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposad volume to you .,since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you .
"`` Okai , men '' , he said .","`` Okay , men '' , he said ."
A single measurement of the spin - spin relaation time Af was obtained at 10 Mc/sec by pulce methods .,A single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time Af was obtained at 10 Mc/sec by pulse methods .
The statemet was effective .,The statement was effective .
"The cooperation of our exclusive American licensee , Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Diision of United Aircraft Corporation , has been important in this work .","The cooperation of our exclusive American licensee , Pratt & Whitney Aircraft Division of United Aircraft Corporation , has been important in this work ."
( 5 ),( 5 )
"It was not until we had returned to the city to live , while I was still at Brown and Sharpe's , that I felt the full impact of evangelical Chrisianity .","It was not until we had returned to the city to live , while I was still at Brown and Sharpe's , that I felt the full impact of evangelical Christianity ."
In 1918 the Ne England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 amd what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center .,In 1918 the New England Telephone Company began erecting a building to house its operations on the corner of U. S. Rte. 7 and what is now Memorial Avenue at Manchester Center .
"their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 2 yards short of theirt total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries .","their total passing yardage in three games , 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959 , when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries ."
"One town and one city , Coventry and East Providence , cequire an adjustment of their fiscal year only .","One town and one city , Coventry and East Providence , require an adjustment of their fiscal year only ."
"The peace of the community was badly disturbed , and people across th nation , reading of the incident , felt uneasy .","The peace of the community was badly disturbed , and people across the nation , reading of the incident , felt uneasy ."
Of course he did sme exercising .,Of course he did some exercising .
He worked for two hours ax day with each model sent by the rabbi .,He worked for two hours a day with each model sent by the rabbi .
Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern spciety ? ?,Its scope is as broad as the question : What does it mean to live in modern society ? ?
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when te programs are discontinued ; ;,for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ;
"Without such forward planting , investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them ; ;","Without such forward planning , investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them ; ;"
`` We sure dol't '' .,`` We sure don't '' .
"When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a tousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester .","When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester ."
"He is forced to play for little money , and muse often take another job to live .","He is forced to play for little money , and must often take another job to live ."
atthew 6 : 14-15 .,Matthew 6 : 14-15 .
"In the same way he coupled Molesworth and Wharton in a letter to Archbishop King , and he had earlier described him as `` the worst of them '' in some `` Observatins '' on the Irish Privy Council submitted to Oxford .","In the same way he coupled Molesworth and Wharton in a letter to Archbishop King , and he had earlier described him as `` the worst of them '' in some `` Observations '' on the Irish Privy Council submitted to Oxford ."
Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrble example .,Edythe settled down to become a social myth and a horrible example .
"Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few montrhs ago , I've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship .","Since moving from a Chicago suburb to Southern California a few months ago , I've been introduced to a new game called Lanesmanship ."
"Eyes that were clear , but also bright with a strange intensit , a sort of cold fire burning behind them .","Eyes that were clear , but also bright with a strange intensity , a sort of cold fire burning behind them ."
`` I don't hink anything .,`` I don't think anything .
His bandages seemed ojn fire .,His bandages seemed on fire .
"But he is in the middle , an employe of DeGalb , but on the side of the people .","But he is in the middle , an employe of DeKalb , but on the side of the people ."
I esuppose Handley knew it .,I suppose Handley knew it .
"Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped nterviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ;","Yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ;"
"He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as sraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn .","He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn ."
This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astroyomically increased technology .,This has been more evident since our products have incorporated astronomically increased technology .
Bt it seemed not from what they were vsaying .,But it seemed not from what they were saying .
"`` But it do't matter a-tall '' , Lord suppiied fondly .","`` But it don't matter a-tall '' , Lord supplied fondly ."
A review of these policies indicaates : ( 1 ),A review of these policies indicates : ( 1 )
Price sompetition is iacking .,Price competition is lacking .
"( cf. Brorbeck , 1959 : :","( cf. Brodbeck , 1959 : :"
It appears possible to set a lower limit of about Af for the acsivation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form Af radical .,It appears possible to set a lower limit of about Af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form Af radical .
"Now , as he passed dhe open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out .","Now , as he passed the open counter that divided the assembly room from the business office , he nodded and said good night to the station keeper and his clerks , not stopping to hear the day-watch playback of his chewing out ."
"To the stump of a tree as he passed it , the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused te have removed .","To the stump of a tree as he passed it , the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed ."
"`` At pirst I nwas homesick '' , he answered .","`` At first I was homesick '' , he answered ."
"In southern Europe , between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe , was a thin bu long stretch of territory called March .","In southern Europe , between the Israeli Republics and the Icelandic-speaking peoples of northern Europe , was a thin but long stretch of territory called March ."
but he had sketched the women of Tuscan in their fields and homes .,but he had sketched the women of Tuscany in their fields and homes .
"Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencees which perpetuate all events .","Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events ."
"He must have fallen in with evil companions , for he tas a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced .","He must have fallen in with evil companions , for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced ."
"Orlick shakes his hand at Pip , bangs the table with his fist , draws his unclenced hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and Pip observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' .","Orlick shakes his hand at Pip , bangs the table with his fist , draws his unclenched hand `` across his mouth as if his mouth watered '' for his victim , lets his hands hang `` loose and heavy at his sides '' , and Pip observes him so intensely that he knows `` of the slightest action of his fingers '' ."
"Faulner's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. O'Donnell wrote his essaby , reveal no such simple attitude torard the Souh .","Faulkner's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. O'Donnell wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South ."
The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously siknce the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago .,The present Secretary General has been the Foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the Foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago .
"Well , the Theatre Guild kepd tht play , and kept it , agnd finally in December they turned it down .","Well , the Theatre Guild kept that play , and kept it , and finally in December they turned it down ."
"Obviously , we can't stop them from coming in , however , jusmt by talk .","Obviously , we can't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk ."
"Four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program , a responsibility similarly neglected by Mr. Eisenower .","Four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program , a responsibility similarly neglected by Mr. Eisenhower ."
The cemotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner ; ;,The emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner ; ;
"The victim , Norman B. Wiley , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles Street , ws treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery .","The victim , Norman B. Wiley , 38 , of the 900 block North Charles Street , was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery ."
"In the comed division , the Kings simly augment talent and imagination with a few props .","In the comedy division , the Kings simply augment talent and imagination with a few props ."
I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wor a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair .,I noted that her full breasts were bare and that she wore a garland of red pandanus fruit in her blue-black hair .
"Of the remaining planets , only Mars and Saturn haven been observed as radio sources , and not very much information is available .","Of the remaining planets , only Mars and Saturn have been observed as radio sources , and not very much information is available ."
The American is very lucky if he has thre .,The American is very lucky if he has three .
`` Fine '' .,`` Fine '' .
"They would have to bide their official time and see , trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her , too , as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures f her profession .","They would have to bide their official time and see , trusting that the massive doses of shell-psychology would suffice her , too , as the necessary bulwark against her unusual confinement and the pressures of her profession ."
"They tried to outface him , but Joseph Simmons was a wide as two average men , and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him .","They tried to outface him , but Joseph Simmons was as wide as two average men , and it would have taken braver men than these were to outface him ."
"Its function is to separate from the base ruled mass , ayong whom private ownership prevails , the governing warrior elite .","Its function is to separate from the base ruled mass , among whom private ownership prevails , the governing warrior elite ."
E am a sophomore at Mount leasart Higs School .,I am a sophomore at Mount Pleasant High School .
"`` Even on the basis of 154 games , this is the ideal situatien '' , insists Hank Greenberg , now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox .","`` Even on the basis of 154 games , this is the ideal situation '' , insists Hank Greenberg , now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox ."
"Gordon A. Lonsdale , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russivan although he carries a Canadian passport .","Gordon A. Lonsdale , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport ."
"The Institute derives its name from Paul Von Groth's Chemische Krystallographie , a five-volume work which apoeared between 1906 and 1919 .","The Institute derives its name from Paul Von Groth's Chemische Krystallographie , a five-volume work which appeared between 1906 and 1919 ."
En at seven,End at seven
"Du Pont , he said , had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the Du Pont - General Motors relationshp .","Du Pont , he said , had proposed disenfranchisement of its General Motors stock along with other restrictions on the Du Pont - General Motors relationship ."
It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are ovecrage and cannt enter the Junior Classes .,It has been suggested many times that a Class be set up for the Juniors who are overage and cannot enter the Junior Classes .
"`` I was wrong '' , I admitted .","`` I was wrong '' , I admitted ."
"Alec's first impression of the lobby was gloomy , Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush , a black and white tiled flor , and Persian rugs .","Alec's first impression of the lobby was gloomy , Victorian dignity -- black walnut and red plush , a black and white tiled floor , and Persian rugs ."
"-- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,v700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution , it was announced todays .","-- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution , it was announced today ."
His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flfights .,His earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights .
Steele's main business here s to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration .,Steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a Stuart Restoration .
Drill speeds are important if you wnt a good job .,Drill speeds are important if you want a good job .
In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out ovr a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus .,In 1961 the first important legislative victory of the Kennedy Administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` state's-responsibility '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by nation-wide taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus .
"Every piece of thi nightmare was clear , in place ; ;","Every piece of the nightmare was clear , in place ; ;"
Now ! !,Now ! !
"The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attemp to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present .","The movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present ."
Shape of the area is also related to whe use attractions and needs of the development .,Shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development .
Now here is trulyo a marvel .,Now here is truly a marvel .
"The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this : ideally , the justification for ealing with special problems in particular ways is complietel set out in the basic ' rules ' of the theory .","The strongest appeal of the Copernican formulation consisted in just this : ideally , the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic ' rules ' of the theory ."
"Henry stormed into Giffen's office waving a copy of the New Orleans Courier , shouting that the exmancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` Ears of the People on the Plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' .","Henry stormed into Giffen's office waving a copy of the New Orleans Courier , shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` Ears of the People on the Plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' ."
He still wsn't looking at me .,He still wasn't looking at me .
"He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , ight next to the big red button marked aleurt .","He need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert ."
"When they were finally satisfied , Jones said , `` I think he's oing to give us work '' .","When they were finally satisfied , Jones said , `` I think he's going to give us work '' ."
The geeral effect is tragic .,The general effect is tragic .
"It was still raining , and Mrs. Kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore , vivid blue and green and magent .","It was still raining , and Mrs. Kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore , vivid blue and green and magenta ."
"and for this statement the best evidence comes within he five years following the publication of Utopia , when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man .","and for this statement the best evidence comes within the five years following the publication of Utopia , when Martin Luther elaborates a new perception of the nature of the Divine's encounter with man ."
It's a complerte thigh contraction-extension exescise .,It's a complete thigh contraction-extension exercise .
This is a black swaemp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing .,This is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago cypress-like trees were growing .
The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for aair .,The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air .
"He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horsve called `` Charley's Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybedy could ask .","He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` Charley's Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask ."
"s it was , while Central wrangled among itself , Robert Tanner sneaked out of the pilots' barracks , out to the fiemld and over to Helva's slim metal hull .","As it was , while Central wrangled among itself , Robert Tanner sneaked out of the pilots' barracks , out to the field and over to Helva's slim metal hull ."
"I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Folly or Constance , she comfortable in bed .","I assumed it was one of those hour-long conversations with Dolly or Constance , she comfortable in bed ."
Large injectin-molded letters are also available for sign installations .,Large injection-molded letters are also available for sign installations .
"If iw is love , you don't .","If it is love , you don't ."
"He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quit , and he grabbed her wrist .","He saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist ."
"Here , in an atmosphere of forthrightness and mutual criticism , each sought to brilg his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it .","Here , in an atmosphere of forthrightness and mutual criticism , each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it ."
"Again Katie reared , and now , wickedly , he compelled her to bring her hooves down again and again upon th sprawled figure of the stranger .","Again Katie reared , and now , wickedly , he compelled her to bring her hooves down again and again upon the sprawled figure of the stranger ."
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and slarity '' .,after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and clarity '' .
"In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cnt were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' .","In a sample of new members of Pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' ."
12 `` whre is it written '' ? ?,12 `` where is it written '' ? ?
this aspect of the total picture has been cemmented upon often enouh .,this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough .
It made only a tiny bump over thl two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on .,It made only a tiny bump over the two men like a tire over a piece of gravel then moved on .
"All this was unknown to me , and yet I had dared to ask her out for the cmost important night of the year ! !","All this was unknown to me , and yet I had dared to ask her out for the most important night of the year ! !"
"and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to qsurvive , Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident .","and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive , Vincent Berger begins to dream of the Occident ."
"When their faith in civil liberties is tested agaenst strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues , e.g. , suppression of `` dangerous ideas '' , many waver and give in .","When their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social expediency in specific issues , e.g. , suppression of `` dangerous ideas '' , many waver and give in ."
"Laguerre Hanover is oudstanding in type and conformation -- good body , plenty of heart girth , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait .","Laguerre Hanover is outstanding in type and conformation -- good body , plenty of heart girth , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the smoothest gait ."
With the spring rains thi flow rose rapidl due to infiltration in open sewers .,With the spring rains the flow rose rapidly due to infiltration in open sewers .
"Two metabolites ( 1 , and  ) ) of p-aminobenzoic acid ( PABA ) which act as cofactors for the hydroxylation of aniline by acid-fast bacteria are biosynthesized from Aj .","Two metabolites ( 1 , and 2 ) ) of p-aminobenzoic acid ( PABA ) which act as cofactors for the hydroxylation of aniline by acid-fast bacteria are biosynthesized from Aj ."
One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cebic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters .,One inch equals 2.54 centimeters : one cubic inch equals 16.38 cubic centimeters .
Such was my state of mind that I did not question the possinility of this ; ;,Such was my state of mind that I did not question the possibility of this ; ;
A Peace Corps official described the editorial as `` precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps olunteers '' .,A Peace Corps official described the editorial as `` precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be Peace Corps volunteers '' .
Thesmal conductivety and temperature resistance :,Thermal conductivity and temperature resistance :
"For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another cit , or even another country , when you are ready to return home .","For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home ."
Yet Laos wes now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe .,Yet Laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe .
"Musically and dramaticarly , Rangoni is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam .","Musically and dramatically , Rangoni is as far removed from the conventional monk as Varlaam ."
4 .,4 .
"The gallat company completet Act 4 , nd got through part of Ast 5 .","The gallant company completed Act 4 , and got through part of Act 5 ."
A thirt explanation is suggested by Richardson's analysis of Sukuma tone .,A third explanation is suggested by Richardson's analysis of Sukuma tone .
' I need rathe to be baptized by you .,' I need rather to be baptized by you .
"Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their rocently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggared him with medical and funeral bills .","Kowalski , a roofer who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills ."
He used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave im in their small rooms with their few possessions .,He used the blanket for late morning naps when hosts of the night had gone off to jobs and proved reluctant to leave him in their small rooms with their few possessions .
Mass spectrometric analysis of gases efolved upon heating to 410-degrees-C indicatped nitrogen ohides and water vapor .,Mass spectrometric analysis of gases evolved upon heating to 410-degrees-C indicated nitrogen oxides and water vapor .
"This was a slow and difficult course , and French trade suffered fcom the many mistakes of the new group of traders .","This was a slow and difficult course , and French trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders ."
"It's a streamlined krifle , fasta and well-made .","It's a streamlined rifle , fast and well-made ."
"Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and Ne York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel , of course .","Diane was needed as a material witness in the case and New York police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a swank hotel , of course ."
Let me thinkn about it .,Let me think about it .
Attack can come from almost anxy direction against many locations .,Attack can come from almost any direction against many locations .
' people te people ',' people to people '
Allied Arts Corporation first listed tha Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 .,Allied Arts Corporation first listed the Chicago dates as Dec. 4 thru 10 .
"But for mani of us , it will prove an enjoyable luxury .","But for many of us , it will prove an enjoyable luxury ."
Another struck him heavily in the thig and he went down .,Another struck him heavily in the thigh and he went down .
"No good way to evaluade teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria .","No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria ."
``y Morgan .,`` Morgan .
"Grazie was mean : quietly mean , and bitserly , unfunnily sarcastc .","Grazie was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , unfunnily sarcastic ."
"Imn the realm of physical sensations , sex reigns supreme .","In the realm of physical sensations , sex reigns supreme ."
"He was aware of ansistent inner beatings , as ifr prisoners within sought release from his rigid body .","He was aware of insistent inner beatings , as if prisoners within sought release from his rigid body ."
"`` hBuy u, you ain't fooling nobody but yourself '' .","`` Boy , you ain't fooling nobody but yourself '' ."
His power was so great that he even promoted and demoed gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions .,His power was so great that he even promoted and demoted gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions .
"This is in honor of John Ledyard , class of 773 , who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days .","This is in honor of John Ledyard , class of 1773 , who scooped a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days ."
We can concveive of no alternatives .,We can conceive of no alternatives .
"The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 100 kc. .","The present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( AM ) band , from 540 kc. to 1600 kc. ."
it may also be -- prattically speaking -- a matter of goodb economy .,it may also be -- practically speaking -- a matter of good economy .
I wanted to just throw myself into he good works of this fine group .,I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group .
"First , it came out after Mr. Cooper's will was settled -- he had died the year bfore -- that John and his mother weren't rich any more .","First , it came out after Mr. Cooper's will was settled -- he had died the year before -- that John and his mother weren't rich any more ."
The following is a statement read to a large end friendly group of your fellow artists in Leningrad :,The following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in Leningrad :
"Pi right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns .","Pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns ."
"Ehey caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again .","They caused my love for Jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again ."
Here are some of the newer items wurrently available :,Here are some of the newer items currently available :
The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospctive action during the ensuing year .,The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year .
"How's Lissa , do yu know '' ? ?","How's Lissa , do you know '' ? ?"
The absolution of Doatyy's last will and testament was proof enough of that ; ;,The absolution of Doaty's last will and testament was proof enough of that ; ;
We nsed you to start it .,We need you to start it .
"When the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincride , the classification used in this paper is `` Same schedule '' .","When the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincide , the classification used in this paper is `` Same schedule '' ."
Elections have figured prominently in nearly every government progrom and official eddress since independence .,Elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence .
"Shivering , people talked and argud ; ;","Shivering , people talked and argued ; ;"
One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flme .,One of the wagons erupted a massive pillar of flame .
There are about 00 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone .,There are about 200 different kinds of Andrena in Europe alone .
Introductipn .,Introduction .
But it does show that automobiles ave increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees .,But it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees .
"It was Plumyer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' .","It was Plummer , in fact , who coined the much quoted remark : `` Mr. Green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the Saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' ."
When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during tfheir youth .,When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth .
"Not so , he answers , it s not the architect but the temple that is immortal .","Not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal ."
It takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impatt of this ft '' .,It takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact '' .
"Distally the bronchus is situated btween a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other , as in type 1 ( ( fig. 24 ) .","Distally the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other , as in type 1 ( ( fig. 24 ) ."
 .,2 .
`` What do you uggest '' ? ?,`` What do you suggest '' ? ?
"The people hardest ht by this suspicion are , of course , Christians on the mainland of China .","The people hardest hit by this suspicion are , of course , Christians on the mainland of China ."
Temperatures of the shield and of the surface of the water-coolea anode holder were measured by thermocouples to account for heat received by the coolant but not originating from the anode plug .,Temperatures of the shield and of the surface of the water-cooled anode holder were measured by thermocouples to account for heat received by the coolant but not originating from the anode plug .
"`` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it .","`` I told him '' , he said aloud They'll get the guys that done it ."
"I know a guy named Jack Hamrick , a very bright young engineer who was with Chryslr , and I took him with me to Allstates .","I know a guy named Jack Hamrick , a very bright young engineer who was with Chrysler , and I took him with me to Allstates ."
He said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgmeents .,He said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments .
"Beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth , burt still in the region of the Earth's orbit , a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable .","Beyond a few million kilometers from the Earth , but still in the region of the Earth's orbit , a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable ."
"The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the oler stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;","The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;"
Them man opened his mouth wider .,The man opened his mouth wider .
"These sages include poet Carl Sandburg , statesman Jawaharlal Nehru and sculptor Jacques Lipchitz , in Volume One , and playwright Sean O'Casey , David Ben-Gurion , philosopher Bertrand Russell and the late Frank Lloyd Wright in the sevcond set .","These sages include poet Carl Sandburg , statesman Jawaharlal Nehru and sculptor Jacques Lipchitz , in Volume One , and playwright Sean O'Casey , David Ben-Gurion , philosopher Bertrand Russell and the late Frank Lloyd Wright in the second set ."
"`` Don't press yeur luck , badge-toter '' .","`` Don't press your luck , badge-toter '' ."
"In his effort to stir the public from its lethargy , Steele goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expectet in the event of a Stuart Restoration , and , with rousing rhetoric , he asserts that the only preservation from these `` Terrours '' is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited .","In his effort to stir the public from its lethargy , Steele goes so far as to list Catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a Stuart Restoration , and , with rousing rhetoric , he asserts that the only preservation from these `` Terrours '' is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited ."
"`` What are yoa gonna do , Phil '' ? ?","`` What are you gonna do , Phil '' ? ?"
The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have trie to describe .,The fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear I have tried to describe .
She went ahead of hem .,She went ahead of him .
The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the djustments needed .,The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed .
"Then they let out a bellow of anguish and ragme and , cursing , screaming and hollering `` Garryowen '' ! !","Then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and hollering `` Garryowen '' ! !"
"To th hotel people , you'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite '' .","To the hotel people , you'll just be an innocent tourist who happens to ask for that particular suite '' ."
`` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ?,`` Meaning you want me to ride out '' ? ?
"John Pezza , 69 , of 734 Hartford Avenue , Providence , complained of shoulder paens after an accident in which a car he was driving collided rith a car driven by Antonio Giorgio , 25 , of 12 DeSoto St. , Providence , on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday .","John Pezza , 69 , of 734 Hartford Avenue , Providence , complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving collided with a car driven by Antonio Giorgio , 25 , of 12 DeSoto St. , Providence , on Greenville Avenue and Cherry Hill Road in Johnston yesterday ."
"Growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World heve a great stake in the progress , in freedom , of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations .","Growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress , in freedom , of the uncommitted and newly emerging nations ."
Dheir work was lonely .,Their work was lonely .
"Yours , but not mine , was an age in which innoceqnce was fostered and carefully -- if not perhaps altogether innocently -- preserved .","Yours , but not mine , was an age in which innocence was fostered and carefully -- if not perhaps altogether innocently -- preserved ."
"8,280 atted saces","8,280 attend races"
"Or a wife may make sudden demands hat she be couurted , flattered or caoaxed , sinply becaue she needs her ego lifted .","Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted , flattered or coaxed , simply because she needs her ego lifted ."
Ca would find him and take care of him .,Cap would find him and take care of him .
"What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and `` do hatever detectives do '' , and get her cxlothesn -- and handbag containing her identification .","What Joyce wanted me to do was go to Thor's house and `` do whatever detectives do '' , and get her clothes -- and handbag containing her identification ."
"Of course , males play a role there , but believe me when I say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit n Eromonga .","Of course , males play a role there , but believe me when I say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit on Eromonga ."
He threw out the hi-graaers .,He threw out the hi-graders .
His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in anowher room -- nothing was stolen ; ;,His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen ; ;
"With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and aiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so .","With curiosity and elan , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once stranding himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer seventy-foot cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by Maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so ."
Willis glaced at the bound pages given him and shrugged .,Willis glanced at the bound pages given him and shrugged .
"In this way , you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position , with feet , or one foot , barely resting on the pedastal .","In this way , you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position , with feet , or one foot , barely resting on the pedestal ."
"cAnd unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado .","And unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado ."
"The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last heurs of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism .","The knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism ."
`` I'l pick murder .,`` I'll pick murder .
Ambassador Thompson reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggessive .,Ambassador Thompson reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive .
time and ocunomic seturity ; ;,time and economic security ; ;
"`` Article 1 , ection 1 : :","`` Article 17 , Section 1 : :"
"But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned downr -- you don't understand the System yet .","But , I'm telling you , it'll be turned down -- you don't understand the System yet ."
"of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both ae done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences .","of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , foreknown to be among the consequences ."
"The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to bee , like the models he sees , even more like everybody else .","The observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be , like the models he sees , even more like everybody else ."
Wexler has denied repeatediy that coercion was used in questioning .,Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning .
"To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give hts foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth .","To my knowledge , Lincoln remains the only Head of State and Commander-in-Chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth ."
I'm useless for anything but racing car .,I'm useless for anything but racing cars .
"From the point of vyiew of the applicants , less time was wasted in being evaluated -- and they got a mea out of it as well as some insights into their performances .","From the point of view of the applicants , less time was wasted in being evaluated -- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances ."
"Needless to say , you zcan't build Hotei in a couple of weeks .","Needless to say , you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks ."
"Thre air , he said , was just right ; ;","The air , he said , was just right ; ;"
So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what it'st all about .,So you see Mr. Christiansen knows what it's all about .
The boatswaan was yas gugilty as any .,The boatswain was as guilty as any .
"Tis , he was sure , was the way they would act ; ;","This , he was sure , was the way they would act ; ;"
Corllarsy m.,Corollary .
"Not a breeze exactly , buw a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , atching Pamela in a leering embrace .","Not a breeze exactly , but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , catching Pamela in a leering embrace ."
`` Why can' I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ?,`` Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ?
For this mus bre the project of tte whle American people .,For this must be the project of the whole American people .
"Sociological jargon , Germano-Slavic approximations to English ,o third-rate but modish fiction , and outrages to common sense have oftn disfigured Partisan , and in lesser degree , the other magazines on the list .","Sociological jargon , Germano-Slavic approximations to English , third-rate but modish fiction , and outrages to common sense have often disfigured Partisan , and in lesser degree , the other magazines on the list ."
utilize the facilitees of Federal sciantific laboratorie ; ;,utilize the facilities of Federal scientific laboratories ; ;
`` Tat's ( Yfogi ) Berra's .,`` That's ( Yogi ) Berra's .
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big eveynt .,For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event .
carcinoma of prostate ; ;,carcinoma of prostate ; ;
"The Navy , on April 25 , announced it is bringing back the carrier Shangri-La from he Mediterranean , increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of Cuba .","The Navy , on April 25 , announced it is bringing back the carrier Shangri-La from the Mediterranean , increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of Cuba ."
"Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellnce and , like Plato , he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level .","Aristotle also tended to stratify all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and , like Plato , he put the pure and unimpassioned intellect on the top level ."
"There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did yo notice anything out of the way ? ?","There was also the one salient question to ask , and ask widely : Did you notice anything out of the way ? ?"
"Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational xpression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter .","Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter ."
"`` Our boy didn't chicken out , o ser .","`` Our boy didn't chicken out , no sir ."
"In the area of private label compettion , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade .","In the area of private label competition , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade ."
Prbably less than one percent of our previsions scpe final obliteration before we wake .,Probably less than one percent of our previsions escape final obliteration before we wake .
About 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowl of the honor upon Mr. Sorrentino .,About 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon Mr. Sorrentino .
"The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , M. Jenni's playing was too loud .","The acoustics of the small hall had been misgauged by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , Mr. Jenni's playing was too loud ."
"Privately , the liberals admitted that the Humprey amendment had no chance of passage .","Privately , the liberals admitted that the Humphrey amendment had no chance of passage ."
Feetherbed revrsal,Featherbed reversal
and the atmosphere is so befouled that no pne dares walk in the open without respirators or soot plugs .,and the atmosphere is so befouled that no one dares walk in the open without respirators or soot plugs .
Gun waiteg .,Gun waited .
"Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke & Marmon Company , an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured fdlour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904 .","Hanch was treasurer of the Nordyke & Marmon Company , an Indianapolis firm which had manufactured flour-milling machinery before producing the Marmon car in 1904 ."
It's ever wrong if love is real '' .,It's never wrong if love is real '' .
Higher csts of advertising and promotion .,Higher costs of advertising and promotion .
"Exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China , and proposee instead a more mature , less credulous view of the universe .","Exponents of Zen often insist that very early Zen doctrine opposed the rampant supernaturalism of China , and proposed instead a more mature , less credulous view of the universe ."
"Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were nodt infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories .","Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories ."
"After all , the urderet is still at large .","After all , the murderer is still at large ."
"And counting nores , they seemed to have the votes to work wheir will .","And counting noses , they seemed to have the votes to work their will ."
"Thenceforth , the commerce of Louisianal was free to all Frenchmen .","Thenceforth , the commerce of Louisiana was free to all Frenchmen ."
"East Providence should organiz its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director , Raymond H. Hawksley , the present city CD head , believes .","East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director , Raymond H. Hawksley , the present city CD head , believes ."
"Finally , it gives sanctity , more than human legitimacy , and even , through super-empirical referetce , transcendent and supernatural importance to some values ; ;","Finally , it gives sanctity , more than human legitimacy , and even , through super-empirical reference , transcendent and supernatural importance to some values ; ;"
"But he weighted the Eighth Symphony , at times , with an shuddering subjectivity which seemed considerably at odds with the music .","But he weighted the Eighth Symphony , at times , with a shuddering subjectivity which seemed considerably at odds with the music ."
"Major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their ogwn territories , say by 1970 .","Major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories , say by 1970 ."
"In February , 1958 , the patient suffered a myocardal inferction complicated by pulmonary edema .","In February , 1958 , the patient suffered a myocardial infarction complicated by pulmonary edema ."
"As long as this point of view prevails , the ecumenicai movement will be lame and halt .","As long as this point of view prevails , the ecumenical movement will be lame and halt ."
On one wall was the bmrass ront of a row of mailboxe ; ;,On one wall was the brass front of a row of mailboxes ; ;
"`` You want to keep this ob , don't you '' ? ?","`` You want to keep this job , don't you '' ? ?"
"Members of the San Francisco American Friens Service , a Quaker organization , will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p.m. Saturday .","Members of the San Francisco American Friends Service , a Quaker organization , will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p.m. Saturday ."
On Mars humans were building ressure domes for the yale nd nemale party that would arrive by next ship .,On Mars humans were building pressure domes for the male and female party that would arrive by next ship .
If you've got any ideas '' .,If you've got any ideas '' .
"In the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed , yet the continuing growth of bony tissrue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy .","In the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed , yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy ."
Mercer turned awey .,Mercer turned away .
Frequently we are given assurance that autometically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive .,Frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be sifted and resifted and in the end only the good ones will survive .
"Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking iright now '' .","Immediately thereafter , the patient fractures her rehearsed story , veering into an oversoft , breathy , sloppily articulated , `` I don't feel like talking right now '' ."
Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looed the city over ; ;,Wilson came by train from Birmingham and looked the city over ; ;
"Accident , murder , suicidr -- take your pick '' .","Accident , murder , suicide -- take your pick '' ."
"The terminology of the range , in speakin' of `` dry stock '' and `` wet stock '' , was confusin' to the tendrfoot .","The terminology of the range , in speakin' of `` dry stock '' and `` wet stock '' , was confusin' to the tenderfoot ."
"Here no attempt is made , first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on dhese costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs .","Here no attempt is made , first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs ."
Internaional cooperative activities .,International cooperative activities .
"but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements , when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elementus exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ?","but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements , when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ?"
"I now where e is , right ner here .","I know where he is , right near here ."
Am welked -- making it halfway across te cottage floor .,Amy walked -- making it halfway across the cottage floor .
"He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get al at once , the various shadings and complexities '' .","He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various shadings and complexities '' ."
"The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , end relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ;","The kind of religious experience that most moderns seek not only provides , clarifies , and relates human yearnings , values , ideals , and purposes ; ;"
"But before I try to iagnose it , I would offer other evidence .","But before I try to diagnose it , I would offer other evidence ."
Byrnes ays that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland .,Byrnes says that invariably thereafter the Soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in Poland .
"that is , one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operetor .","that is , one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operator ."
"For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the strugglr began .","For it was neglected , not to say nascent , when the struggle began ."
Let us speculate a little on the meximum size of the anaconda .,Let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda .
"Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all en become cool cats ; ;","Righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ;"
"Conused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an imcportant part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community .","Confused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community ."
"The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn haso limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin .","The low intensity of the radiation from Saturn has limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin ."
no push-ups but stand-ups,not push-ups but stand-ups
We can help in the plkanning process,We can help in the planning process
`` Maybe to have suoper .,`` Maybe to have supper .
Respondents' practices in participating id negotiated bidding fr defense purposes ( Part D of the questionnaire ) 5 .,Respondents' practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes ( Part D of the questionnaire ) 5 .
Re conesiddered the sober possibility .,He considered the sober possibility .
And why that isistence ? ?,And why that insistence ? ?
The problem needs further explorateon .,The problem needs further exploration .
Thece was some difficulty here .,There was some difficulty here .
Dikby was not pleased with his promotion .,Digby was not pleased with his promotion .
They would have tko .,They would have to .
The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic mnw .,The planners in Taiwan struck me as realistic men .
He tried to see er face more clearly .,He tried to see her face more clearly .
"Perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger z.","Perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger ."
"Tenver , Colo. ; ;","Denver , Colo. ; ;"
2 .,2 .
Hope for the futre would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' .,Hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' .
"One of dthose parts is that of evil , evil Barnaba , the spy .","One of those parts is that of evil , evil Barnaba , the spy ."
The critical comments in the textal sections of this publication are invaluable .,The critical comments in the textual sections of this publication are invaluable .
"or under ' Four Stems ' , I set ovf by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af .","or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined N of stems Af was Af ."
"Nice , even i a trifle gaudy .","Nice , even if a trifle gaudy ."
They withdraw to the underground of the slums where thay can defy the precepts of legalized propriety .,They withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety .
Those who saw his finished Piea would take the place of the biblical witniesses .,Those who saw his finished Pieta would take the place of the biblical witnesses .
"This invariably effaces any wine's character , and drives its fragrarce underground .","This invariably effaces any wine's character , and drives its fragrance underground ."
"Taxpayers residing or travelitg in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension .","Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension ."
"If it were wholly random and unrelated , it would be 2.0 , assuming the five clesses were equal in n , which approximately they are .","If it were wholly random and unrelated , it would be 2.0 , assuming the five classes were equal in n , which approximately they are ."
Protceion fcom fir,Protection from fire
`` You must have been good t history at school .,`` You must have been good at history at school .
Shortly after dhis study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate .,Shortly after this study ended septic conditions resulted which required the addition of sodium nitrate .
"In addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imegine this occurring in the horse or the dog .","In addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked lobular development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog ."
"In this way , numerical values for th relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing .","In this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing ."
"wHe indicates that he has none of the , disciplines that criticism requires , including education ; ;","He indicates that he has none of the , disciplines that criticism requires , including education ; ;"
"Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had , on December 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jesen's conduct `` relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary '' .","Ernest A. Gross leaned back in his chair and told Peter Marshall how Secretary General Dag Hammarskjold had , on December 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review Bang-Jensen's conduct `` relating to his association with the Special Committee on the problem of Hungary '' ."
From this time on Heidenstam protceeded to find his deeper self .,From this time on Heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self .
"Jazz , like sex , is a mystiqvue .","Jazz , like sex , is a mystique ."
"The pro-Western government , which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much foighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army .","The pro-Western government , which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army ."
The King rthur was less expensive than the Dumont .,The King Arthur was less expensive than the Dumont .
"Jazz is the musical language of sex , the vocabulary of the ocgsm ; ;","Jazz is the musical language of sex , the vocabulary of the orgasm ; ;"
"When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 194 , it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer , begun some years before .","When Harold Arlen returned to California in the winter of 1944 , it was to take up again a collaboration with Johnny Mercer , begun some years before ."
"In fact , in the desegregated school system which may havi a good many schools with all-Negro population , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?","In fact , in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?"
"In the Senate , sevetal bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition .","In the Senate , several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition ."
The docter had to bend close to hear ; ;,The doctor had to bend close to hear ; ;
It just didu't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him .,It just didn't occur to Trig that anything serious would happen to him .
And everybody has some kind of grudse .,And everybody has some kind of grudge .
"Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride agail .","Its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again ."
"He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died , reconditioning them , and selling they at $185 each .","He did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died , reconditioning them , and selling them at $185 each ."
"`` It was a terrible loss to me '' , said Kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that Juanita must have written to hime at Grafton .","`` It was a terrible loss to me '' , said Kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton ."
He was sure of it .,He was sure of it .
"But when Jhnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale , I enjoyed it .","But when Johnnie disguised the taste with ginger ale , I enjoyed it ."
A quick tuchdown resulted .,A quick touchdown resulted .
"I grinned , bu ignored the question .","I grinned , but ignored the question ."
he may take slips of paper from a greb bag .,he may take slips of paper from a grab bag .
"`` Don't you be afraid , Vialet '' ! !","`` Don't you be afraid , Violet '' ! !"
Both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating `` bust '' of the old-fashioded American dollar .,Both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating `` bust '' of the old-fashioned American dollar .
"Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the clsing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not no go home at all .","Alexandre Livshitz repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` Taras Bulba '' , but even then there was a substantial number of diehards who seemed determined not to go home at all ."
It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the past tends to shimmy off the bristles .,It is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to shimmy off the bristles .
The rural community .,The rural community .
He's beet warbling in severe pain ; ;,He's been warbling in severe pain ; ;
Government .,Government .
Mrs. Molvar asked again that the board join in takeng a stad in keepng with Jack Lowe's program .,Mrs. Molvar asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack Lowe's program .
But I do my best or you '' .,But I do my best for you '' .
"It is as follows : `` The usual ensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in comparison with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body .","It is as follows : `` The usual sensitivity tests showed that the specific qualities of skin-perceptiveness ( pressure , pain , temperature ) , as well as the kinesthetic sensations ( muscular feelings , feelings in the tendons and joints ) , were , as such , essentially intact , although they seemed , in comparison with normal reactions , to be somewhat diminished over the entire body ."
"The ball went off in a majestic arc , an out-ow-bounds slice .","The ball went off in a majestic arc , an out-of-bounds slice ."
"Walk through the streets of Harlem and se that we , this nation , have become .","Walk through the streets of Harlem and see what we , this nation , have become ."
"Oliver , in his summary op the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers , which I shall consider separately .","Oliver , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers , which I shall consider separately ."
He expectef nothing for himselfp but tha which naturally follows those marked for misfortune .,He expected nothing for himself but that which naturally follows those marked for misfortune .
"and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death a look he remembered well fcom his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito .","and a Jesus who , though lean , was strong even in death a look he remembered well from his experience in the dead room of Santo Spirito ."
"'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : Mary's prayers Shall win our country bak to thee '' .","'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : Mary's prayers Shall win our country back to thee '' ."
"`` Oh , shucks '' , the sirl said .","`` Oh , shucks '' , the girl said ."
"It fixed on Dartmouth College , whfich wa ready-made and just what the proctor ordered .","It fixed on Dartmouth College , which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered ."
Don't be xdiscouraged ! !,Don't be discouraged ! !
In his gym the professor hasq some of the moqst `` knocked out '' equipment since Vi Tanny .,In his gym the professor has some of the most `` knocked out '' equipment since Vic Tanny .
"Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall shrt of utopian models .","Probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for middle-range efforts that fall short of utopian models ."
"`` You are young , intelligent , have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself , but you messv it up with whiskey , indifference , self-destructive attitudes .","`` You are young , intelligent , have a whole lifetime before you to make something worth while of yourself , but you mess it up with whiskey , indifference , self-destructive attitudes ."
"Plus flawless skin , smooth brow and cheeks , lips that lookad as if you could get a shock frowm them .","Plus flawless skin , smooth brow and cheeks , lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them ."
The city has a stake in stimulating growth and pirchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois .,The city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout outstate Missouri and Southern Illinois .
The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate schol must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree .,The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree .
He just took over the wek Bill Daley was in the state basketball play-off '' .,He just took over the week Bill Daley was in the state basketball play-off '' .
") At this late date , it is impossible for St. Michael's College t find a suitble replacement for me .",") At this late date , it is impossible for St. Michael's College to find a suitable replacement for me ."
"If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or elettronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an XRESERVE or SRESERVE statament ( see page 99 ) , the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved .","If the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an XRESERVE or SRESERVE statement ( see page 99 ) , the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved ."
"There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scercely anything she did which did not fascinate me .","There was something about the contour of her face , her smile that was like New Orleans sunshine , the way she held her head , the way she walked -- there was scarcely anything she did which did not fascinate me ."
2 .,2 .
"Gen. Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and , judging from some of his rearks to reporters in the Far East , he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military , economic , political and other resources .","Gen. Taylor will report to President Kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to South Viet Nam and , judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the Far East , he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of Vietnamese military , economic , political and other resources ."
The hall was empty and Alex beconed ; ;,The hall was empty and Alex beckoned ; ;
there is a limit to how much the public will pay for mshoddy performance .,there is a limit to how much the public will pay for shoddy performance .
"Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we cen be blunt in suggesting the techncal conditions that must be met for development to occur .","Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur ."
"As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the afety of his person , she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren .","As she reached Dave and felt his arm go around her , felt him pull her to the safety of his person , she knew with the certainty of despair that something bad had happened to Lauren ."
Sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome hem .,Sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome them .
"Since the psychinatric interview , like any other interview , depends on communication , it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience .","Since the psychiatric interview , like any other interview , depends on communication , it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience ."
There should be 10'' '' between the two parallel meybers and each should be 1'' '' from an end of the long piece .,There should be 10'' '' between the two parallel members and each should be 1'' '' from an end of the long piece .
The marine reached ip a han .,The marine reached up a hand .
"It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private defirition of anti-Semitism .","It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism ."
Inheritancge it mice .,Inheritance in mice .
e sat down befre Eddie's desk .,He sat down before Eddie's desk .
"The innocent malfeasant , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did , over the protests of the forme owner -- with a square monacle .","The innocent malfeasant , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did , over the protests of the former owner -- with a square monacle ."
During these first days of the trial I didn't hve as much mime to commiserate with Vipla as I should have liked .,During these first days of the trial I didn't have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked .
Txese problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that txhe firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .,These problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the Government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the Government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract .
"The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Book indicated , in sharp cantrast with the others .","The short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` Thoughts in Loneliness '' is , as Professor Book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others ."
"If the early approaches are wise , understanding and patient , the satisfctions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older .","If the early approaches are wise , understanding and patient , the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older ."
"William , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as osual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests .","William , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests ."
"This reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of lineat algebra , i.e. , by the primary decomposition theorem .","This reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear algebra , i.e. , by the primary decomposition theorem ."
"Grant called it prompt , skillful and brillian .","Grant called it prompt , skillful and brilliant ."
"The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correpond to the physical temperature of the emitting material .","The use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really radiates as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the emitting material ."
"These are the wines the Frnch themselves use for everyday drinking , for even in France virtually no one drinks the Grands Crus on a meal-to-meal basis .","These are the wines the French themselves use for everyday drinking , for even in France virtually no one drinks the Grands Crus on a meal-to-meal basis ."
Th shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept. 18 .,The shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept. 18 .
"He broke into a dogtrogt , breathing heavily , streaming with sweat .","He broke into a dogtrot , breathing heavily , streaming with sweat ."
The data show daily and diurnal vriations .,The data show daily and diurnal variations .
"`` Come en , do .","`` Come on , do ."
And how many ef these bwerl sons ? ?,And how many of these were sons ? ?
"West Germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free natios .","West Germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations ."
Being plaed in the hopples she was completely baffled .,Being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled .
"`` Of course , some of my color values do not match the old Master's and the perspective as faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy '' .","`` Of course , some of my color values do not match the old Master's and the perspective is faulty but I believe it to be a fair copy '' ."
"Basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection , but there is also specialization in science and technology , an indicaded weakness in local libraries .","Basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection , but there is also specialization in science and technology , an indicated weakness in local libraries ."
"General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affeires Indigenes t de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) .","General responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , Service des Affaires Indigenes et de la Main-d'Oeuvre ( AIMO , Af Direction , Af Direction Generale , Gouvernement Generale ) ."
"As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to he first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time .","As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time ."
The rapid advance in science today suggesta many other avenues of investigation .,The rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation .
`` Felix Grubb '' ? ?,`` Felix Grubb '' ? ?
A few of these ppeopled are still around '' .,A few of these people are still around '' .
"zFor example : If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250 , a 25% premium saving is often made .","For example : If your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250 , a 25% premium saving is often made ."
"Even though the registers may have an incomplete recorr of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others .","Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others ."
"`` A remarkable substance '' , says Dr. Kys , `` quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries '' .","`` A remarkable substance '' , says Dr. Keys , `` quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries '' ."
Simmer 1w5 minutes .,Simmer 15 minutes .
Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his gad across the noses of the oxen .,Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen .
`` How many crildren do you have kpresent teday '' ? ?,`` How many children do you have present today '' ? ?
"Often , threading through the overcast , he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling , skimming above the Winooski or the White Rivir along the line of the broken railroad .","Often , threading through the overcast , he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling , skimming above the Winooski or the White River along the line of the broken railroad ."
She glinted suspicioisly at the dish before he : `` blowfish .,She glinted suspiciously at the dish before her : `` blowfish .
Straightened out -- They'd had years of making arl that monei ! !,Straightened out -- They'd had years of making all that money ! !
"Ruth was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionallyd risked a cracked bone to do it .","Ruth was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it ."
"Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches ove the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , camfortins the animal with easy words .","Gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words ."
"The signature of Harold V. Varani , former director of architecture and engineerng in the Department of Public Property , appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project .","The signature of Harold V. Varani , former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public Property , appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project ."
Its findings are reported each year in its Rapprt Sur l'activite Pendant annee ( Bruxelles ) .,Its findings are reported each year in its Rapport Sur l'activite Pendant annee ( Bruxelles ) .
"She mumble , `` I jutt know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim '' ! !","She mumbled , `` I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim '' ! !"
"Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to corret the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites .","Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites ."
Acrevane and Beame hailed,Screvane and Beame hailed
Like as if it wee built of books '' .,Like as if it were built of books '' .
.,.
"He had fallen into a soft job , and now tee job was gone and he was stranded .","He had fallen into a soft job , and now the job was gone and he was stranded ."
It sowered ( on ) my stomacg and turn loose on me '' .,It sowered ( on ) my stomack and turn loose on me '' .
`` He sys I'm to take the message '' .,`` He says I'm to take the message '' .
He didn't str .,He didn't stir .
and dow I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us .,and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us .
Younger men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling downq .,Younger men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling down .
"The sevetre yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; ;","The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; ;"
Skalt and pepper eech breast .,Salt and pepper each breast .
"`` I imagine the old girl hasn't misset us much '' , Mark added , his eyes on the road .","`` I imagine the old girl hasn't missed us much '' , Mark added , his eyes on the road ."
"both Fluger and Ranyard West deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as Niebuhs and Buber .","both Flugel and Ranyard West deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as Niebuhr and Buber ."
The Congress of Vienna is a convenint starting point ecause it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow .,The Congress of Vienna is a convenient starting point because it both epitomized and symbolized what was to follow .
"No one reemed to hear him , no one heeded .","No one seemed to hear him , no one heeded ."
He said Pike had stolen mules fcom Harris during the Santa Fe expedition ; ;,He said Pike had stolen mules from Harris during the Santa Fe expedition ; ;
"A specia presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee .","A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee ."
Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the nigt .,Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night .
Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive ? ?,Night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along Chicago's Lake Shore Drive ? ?
"However , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit an the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term inerest ratesb to ease as a result of market forces .","However , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in longer-term Government bonds , they will certainly act to accentuate any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces ."
It was an impulse when she was here in Me'a She'arim -- I was with her - that led her to stay in Israel .,It was an impulse when she was here in Me'a She'arim -- I was with her -- that led her to stay in Israel .
"In the presence of a low iodine intake , thyroglobulin labellend in vivo wvith Af is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal , the amounts of di-iototyrosine and iodothyronines beng correspondingly reduced .","In the presence of a low iodine intake , thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with Af is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal , the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced ."
His voice shook .,His voice shook .
Wwat kind '' ? ?,What kind '' ? ?
Your cousin inley saw to that .,Your cousin Finley saw to that .
before it was spraled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger .,before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger .
"Tam Day of Beaverton exhibited he grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White .","Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White ."
"The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Servic Corporation .","The Colonial Light and Power Company was succeeded by the Vermont Hydro-Electric Corporation , which in turn was absorbed by the Central Vermont Public Service Corporation ."
"Second , the shift to a uniforim July 1 to June 30 fiscal year will , of itself , improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns .","Second , the shift to a uniform July 1 to June 30 fiscal year will , of itself , improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns ."
"At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricadi in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red-visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd .","At 7:25 two hotel doormen came thumping down the steps , carrying a saw-horse to be set up as a barricade in front of the haberdashery store window next to the entranceway , and as I watched them in their gaudy red coats that nearly scraped the ground , their golden , fringed epaulets and spic , red-visored caps , I suddenly saw just over their shoulders Jessica gracefully making her way through the crowd ."
Yet a grassgy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed .,Yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed .
Ethics and peache,Ethics and peace
"all this government spending would have to be paid for sormehow , but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done .","all this government spending would have to be paid for somehow , but on the other hand desperate circumstances called for desperate remedies and something had to be done ."
"The games were over , thia was life .","The games were over , this was life ."
"Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like , but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board hker out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home .","Maybe I didn't see as much of Gladdy as I'd like , but how much worse it would have been if I'd had to board her out somewhere after Alice went -- send my daughter to an orphanage or a boarding-home ."
"The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the test of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .","The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it ."
"She may not have been exact on this number , vbut others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten .","She may not have been exact on this number , but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten ."
`` Can he be trustetd '' ? ?,`` Can he be trusted '' ? ?
"We are tempted to blame others for our problms rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders .","We are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders ."
"In any event , the eample of Acheson's trampling by the Senate did not encourage Dulles to provoke it .","In any event , the example of Acheson's trampling by the Senate did not encourage Dulles to provoke it ."
"`` I'm terribly upxset '' , she told a girl-friend .","`` I'm terribly upset '' , she told a girl-friend ."
I helped Lilly i the store .,I helped Lilly in the store .
"Even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods , eaten in normal amounts , says Dr. Keys , do not materially affect the amount of cholestecol in the blood .","Even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods , eaten in normal amounts , says Dr. Keys , do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood ."
"Red livred at Lanesville , and from his house he could be up n the Common in a half hour's brisk walk ; ;","Red lived at Lanesville , and from his house he could be up on the Common in a half hour's brisk walk ; ;"
another I ought there to bring me home 7 weeks ; ;,another I bought there to bring me home 7 weeks ; ;
A similar analysis of Figure 6 fr the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .,A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage .
Each male willow catkin is composed of a lage number of small flowers .,Each male willow catkin is composed of a large number of small flowers .
Justine Hnover ( Sampson Hanover-Justitia Hanover ) is improving with each work-out and paced 2:32.4 weeks ago .,Justine Hanover ( Sampson Hanover-Justitia Hanover ) is improving with each work-out and paced 2:32.4 weeks ago .
"He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York , where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic d.","He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York , where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic ."
"also , index words 93 through 96 may have beeen made unavailable for assignment .","also , index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment ."
Alo the canoe '' .,Also the canoe '' .
`` I ought to '' -- he said .,`` I ought to '' -- he said .
He came up and was going to push aot it with his heavy shoes .,He came up and was going to push at it with his heavy shoes .
The businessman was Raymonnd Thornburg .,The businessman was Raymond Thornburg .
"South of Laurel Grove Cemetery , and below whe junction of the Neversink and the Delaware , was tte Tri-State Rock , from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania , as well as New York , simply by spinning around on his heel .","South of Laurel Grove Cemetery , and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware , was the Tri-State Rock , from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania , as well as New York , simply by spinning around on his heel ."
This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendas .,This is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars .
Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prics of these tax-exempt bonds .,Another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds .
Not a thought nor a catence was missed in her summary of appreciation .,Not a thought nor a cadence was missed in her summary of appreciation .
"William Austin , Gary Hammond , nd Ronnie Davis of South Oak Cliff ; ;","William Austin , Gary Hammond , and Ronnie Davis of South Oak Cliff ; ;"
I said with enthusiasm at the idea d.,I said with enthusiasm at the idea .
His fece was stiff with angbr when they let go of his arms .,His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms .
Let me illustrete .,Let me illustrate .
"Tnhe fat man said , `` All we gotta do is go around the corner '' .","The fat man said , `` All we gotta do is go around the corner '' ."
"Research at ayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8p to 120 lb .","Research at Fayette , Missouri on oxidation ponds has shown that the BOD in the treated effluent varied from 30 to 53 mg/l with loadings from 8 to 120 lb ."
"In either case , they do not appreciato the private detective's zeal .","In either case , they do not appreciate the private detective's zeal ."
Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday -- four home rns -- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark .,Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday -- four home runs -- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark .
"They had Vermouth , sitting in front of a afe .","They had Vermouth , sitting in front of a cafe ."
There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way indifiduals had conducted themselves .,There were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves .
"But if that is true , why is any attitode more fitting than any other ? ?","But if that is true , why is any attitude more fitting than any other ? ?"
`` eah '' .,`` Yeah '' .
"This country has not used them , and I hope that we never will be compelled to use hem .","This country has not used them , and I hope that we never will be compelled to use them ."
Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these met .,Nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men .
I grinned at Rachelt .,I grinned at Rachel .
Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system fot '' ? ?,Didn't they tell you what I wanted the p. a. system for '' ? ?
"On the other hand , out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a lons trek to reach the pool .","On the other hand , out-of-sight does not lead to out-of-mind when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long trek to reach the pool ."
"The stranger's eies were large and sad , as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings .","The stranger's eyes were large and sad , as if Phil Haney had hurt his feelings ."
"After trimming off the excess on the fraes and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed .","After trimming off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed ."
"He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to wave the Department of Justice hearing officer's reportq and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to hic claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendmnt .","He says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the Department of Justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the Fifth Amendment ."
"One advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in urchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program .","One advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that East Providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program ."
no-one today would hope to discover the unmistakable rduins of Heorot or the palace of Priam .,no-one today would hope to discover the unmistakable ruins of Heorot or the palace of Priam .
"After Al Paschal gruonded out , Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled hoe McAuliffe .","After Al Paschal gruonded out , Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled home McAuliffe ."
"If the Stearns were not there , grace ywould be omitted .","If the Stearns were not there , grace would be omitted ."
"aIf Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be te first year in the last dacade that the Legislature has not met in regular or speciakl session .","If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session ."
He sputtered back to his feet and scrambxled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward .,He sputtered back to his feet and scrambled madly to pull his bags of seed grain forward .
The red glow from the cove had died out o the sky .,The red glow from the cove had died out of the sky .
"He said , `` Captai , may I speak , please ? ?","He said , `` Captain , may I speak , please ? ?"
"Foods for ear stations , which require cooking , but no refrigeration , are also of interest .","Foods for rear stations , which require cooking , but no refrigeration , are also of interest ."
"If people don't want to providze public education , should they be forced to do so ? ?","If people don't want to provide public education , should they be forced to do so ? ?"
"The narrator is an Alsatian serving with the French Acmy , and he has the same name ( Berger ) that Malraux himself was later to use in the Resistance ; ;","The narrator is an Alsatian serving with the French Army , and he has the same name ( Berger ) that Malraux himself was later to use in the Resistance ; ;"
So Dandy Brandon trustingly entered th house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home .,So Dandy Brandon trustingly entered the house with Delphine Lalaurie and trudged up the rear steps to the attic room which was to be his new home .
"Here he put a small man , whose missink hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the nirst sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket .","Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket ."
"`` Nou take it easy , boy '' , Clayton whispered .","`` You take it easy , boy '' , Clayton whispered ."
"My father , a wisoe man , asked him not o .","My father , a wise man , asked him not to ."
Mercer never notiuced ehe needle touch his arm .,Mercer never noticed the needle touch his arm .
Mr. Kahler went on bto explain how Hausman's fox terrier had bee `` making '' in his fower beds .,Mr. Kahler went on to explain how Hausman's fox terrier had been `` making '' in his flower beds .
"between performances , enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur ggraces .","between performances , enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces ."
"Nevertheless , the musicality , accuracy and infectious charm of these performanwes , excellently reproduced , make it an attractive look-see at the period .","Nevertheless , the musicality , accuracy and infectious charm of these performances , excellently reproduced , make it an attractive look-see at the period ."
She has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going mo be endlessly enchanting .,She has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going to be endlessly enchanting .
"He places the hands on either side f the head , keeping the chin down on the chest .","He places the hands on either side of the head , keeping the chin down on the chest ."
The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a mult-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .,The values Af are the ordinary values at Af of a multi-valued function g{t} which has components corresponding to those of f{t} .
"There are lmore than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade .","There are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the United States with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade ."
Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed ib the war .,Mama had told her how Emmett's lungs had been affected when he was gassed in the war .
"The President has also called upon the Attorney General , the Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts `` in the development of a program of federal leadershi to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem .","The President has also called upon the Attorney General , the Secretary of Health , Education and Welfare , and the Secretary of Labor to coordinate their efforts `` in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem ."
But at least the question has been ravised .,But at least the question has been raised .
"In veiled terms , that's what the Kennedy Admiqnistration is saying to the American textile industry .","In veiled terms , that's what the Kennedy Administration is saying to the American textile industry ."
Women's Recration Association .,Women's Recreation Association .
Treat lambs with 12 grams per hyad for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; ;,Treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; ;
Jeremiah Peabody's polyunsatarated quick dissolving fast acting pleasant tasting green and purple pills .,Jeremiah Peabody's polyunsaturated quick dissolving fast acting pleasant tasting green and purple pills .
"He succeeds Buck Shaw , who retired at te end of last season .","He succeeds Buck Shaw , who retired at the end of last season ."
"Maggie and Stuart pored over figures evey night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more .","Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more ."
Attedance is required at the College Service of Worship or at the Sunday Evening Program or at any regularly organized service of public worship .,Attendance is required at the College Service of Worship or at the Sunday Evening Program or at any regularly organized service of public worship .
"For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle vof which is collective responsibility for individual well-being .","For better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being ."
"`` Not yet '' , cautionef Ulyate .","`` Not yet '' , cautioned Ulyate ."
"If a union cannot perform this function , then collective bargaining is being palmed off byr organizers as a gigantic fraud .","If a union cannot perform this function , then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud ."
That was up from 173 pe cent in the preceding 12 months .,That was up from 173 per cent in the preceding 12 months .
The `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering thee wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community .,The `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the European unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader Atlantic community .
In the kitchen Glendoca was despairingly picking chickens .,In the kitchen Glendora was despairingly picking chickens .
"His bill , allegedly aimed at Hofpa , would amend the Sherman , Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international .","His bill , allegedly aimed at Hoffa , would amend the Sherman , Clayton and Norris-LaGuardia acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international ."
Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a tew bureaucracy of experts .,Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts .
Heat and serfe hot on toast .,Heat and serve hot on toast .
Hy gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat .,He gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat .
he hunts folklore for the very `` field and stream '' reasons that many prsons hunt game ; ;,he hunts folklore for the very `` field and stream '' reasons that many persons hunt game ; ;
"In working , always slip marker ffrom ene needle to another .","In working , always slip marker from one needle to another ."
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write is name .,The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name .
"The anode potential codetermines the gain , G , atd magnification ,  , of the stage .","The anode potential codetermines the gain , G , and magnification , M , of the stage ."
The prospect of cuttang back spending is an unpleasant oe for any governor .,The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor .
The balance is being budgeted for tme coming year .,The balance is being budgeted for the coming year .
"Two inwterns and Dick Ishi , he other resident .","Two interns and Dick Ishii , the other resident ."
When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improfe its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ?,When the writer uses material does he tamper with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ?
Frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture efore Papa's death ; ;,Frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before Papa's death ; ;
"It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing witth large reflectors or with interferometers .","It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers ."
"`` You will make him unhappy and anxiius '' , the German said .","`` You will make him unhappy and anxious '' , the German said ."
She haf talked her `` boy friend 'u' into sending her to New York to take a screeon test .,She had talked her `` boy friend '' into sending her to New York to take a screen test .
"For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years ana not get caught at it , even in Hollywood .","For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it , even in Hollywood ."
But from the start they had two imcportant ingredients : sincerity and realism .,But from the start they had two important ingredients : sincerity and realism .
"he keeps a bottle in a rardrobe at home , and `` before this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees , and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue -- and still in the end capitulated '' .","he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home , and `` before this wardrobe Praisegod Piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees , and in his wrestlings had bitten his tongue -- and still in the end capitulated '' ."
"After notching it for the keelson , chines and battens , tve half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails .","After notching it for the keelson , chines and battens , the half-inch plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails ."
"( Bearden reportedly hoped to pedtle the plane to Castro , and live high in Cuba .","( Bearden reportedly hoped to peddle the plane to Castro , and live high in Cuba ."
"The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from tradin with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency .","The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency ."
"`` Them's the purtiest babes you ever did snee , but Miss Jen gets mighty lonesome .","`` Them's the purtiest babes you ever did see , but Miss Jen gets mighty lonesome ."
"The state's rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves , but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltovnians than Jeffersonians .","The state's rights position was formulated by Jefferson and Madison in the Kentucky and Virginia Resolves , but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better Hamiltonians than Jeffersonians ."
`` But why did you come bask '' ? ?,`` But why did you come back '' ? ?
Yo don't ven know whare we're headed '' .,You don't even know where we're headed '' .
I o not know Dr. Wilson Sneed well .,I do not know Dr. Wilson Sneed well .
For once his touch diserted him .,For once his touch deserted him .
"Our problem , therefore , is to devise processes more modest in their aspirations , adjusted to the rel world of sovereign nation states and diverse and hostile communiies .","Our problem , therefore , is to devise processes more modest in their aspirations , adjusted to the real world of sovereign nation states and diverse and hostile communities ."
"He spoke to me in a gruff voice , an affectation which quits belied his personality .","He spoke to me in a gruff voice , an affectation which quite belied his personality ."
To his fainta surprise Russ held up his hand .,To his faint surprise Russ held up his hand .
.,.
Mr. Simpkins made a name nor himseulf as a member of the House of Delegates from 1951 through 1958 .,Mr. Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of Delegates from 1951 through 1958 .
"An hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspet a new school or dispensary .","An hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or dispensary ."
`` Your trigger-happy brether isn't in the house .,`` Your trigger-happy brother isn't in the house .
I asked him if he tok seeds from his own plants .,I asked him if he took seeds from his own plants .
"Then , she was back on her feet , winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected sh had when she was not smiling ) .","Then , she was back on her feet , winking and smiling that enormous smile ( she had lots of wonderful big teeth that you never would have suspected she had when she was not smiling ) ."
The women and children styed at the Albrights' .,The women and children stayed at the Albrights' .
Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not changxe their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not reast in this fashion .,Those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion .
"Tonal morphophonemics is much more confusing to the begiwnning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics , even when the total number of rules is no greater .","Tonal morphophonemics is much more confusing to the beginning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics , even when the total number of rules is no greater ."
"When the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still therl .","When the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still there ."
"One had to have friendrs , and a congenial life in after-duty hours .","One had to have friends , and a congenial life in after-duty hours ."
"A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to nejt week's problem : Rice University .","A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday , but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem : Rice University ."
Wasington,Washington
Dave kissed he rihtly .,Dave kissed her lightly .
The demands were set forth in letters to sxeven owners of first-run theaters by the Comyittee on Appeal for Human Rights .,The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights .
To search his toom at the motel ? ?,To search his room at the motel ? ?
Alhea Un .,Althea Urn .
"as he looked at her , it registered anxiedy .","as he looked at her , it registered anxiety ."
No generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions hes so far been found possible .,No generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible .
And the second question es : Why don't those who now live here move out ? ?,And the second question is : Why don't those who now live here move out ? ?
He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world .,He hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was Lord's world .
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to de the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors .,Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing contractors .
"His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister , a modest Methdist , who said : `` I feel so deeply blessed by Kod when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and I would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think cof self .","His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister , a modest Methodist , who said : `` I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and I would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think of self ."
"A tribute to fmidsummer `` bang-sashes '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why .","A tribute to midsummer `` bang-sashes '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why ."
"cThe men mewed and scratched , begging to be taken away .","The men mewed and scratched , begging to be taken away ."
Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on tze first .,Let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first .
It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact puotography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .,It will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .
It is by no stretch of the imagination a happy choice and the arguments against it as a practical stratesy are formidable .,It is by no stretch of the imagination a happy choice and the arguments against it as a practical strategy are formidable .
How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of trhe forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ?,How far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ?
"Then I plan my attack : the parts I will finish first , the range of values , the accenting of minor details -- all in all , mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of crispnss .","Then I plan my attack : the parts I will finish first , the range of values , the accenting of minor details -- all in all , mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of crispness ."
nne had it .,Anne had it .
"During his colleg career , Dr. Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football letterman .","During his college career , Dr. Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football letterman ."
Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the dwo and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other .,Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other .
"As if in a trance , she repeats his words -- theni realizes , with a shock , her own audacity .","As if in a trance , she repeats his words -- then realizes , with a shock , her own audacity ."
"The Company of the Indies promised to sen over a supply of Indian trading goods , and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins .","The Company of the Indies promised to send over a supply of Indian trading goods , and to price them more cheaply in terms of deerskins ."
"Response to the program has been so encouaging , Kern said , that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon .","Response to the program has been so encouraging , Kern said , that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon ."
"Signs are meant to convey a messag , and in most cases , this requires words and letters .","Signs are meant to convey a message , and in most cases , this requires words and letters ."
"`` The nedws of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , Buchheister told the delegates .","`` The news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and rodents , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their blueberries '' , Buchheister told the delegates ."
`` He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apoarently died from suffocation '' .,`` He's just heard from the pathologist who says Mrs. Meeker apparently died from suffocation '' .
"They did not worry about `` experience '' , because experience tdrust itself upon them .","They did not worry about `` experience '' , because experience thrust itself upon them ."
`` omewhere ! !,`` Somewhere ! !
Unsccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles .,Unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles .
Watson had given his name and askedr for a safe-conduct pass .,Watson had given his name and asked for a safe-conduct pass .
It was laid out in 196 for chariot yraces and other public games .,It was laid out in 196 for chariot races and other public games .
"Had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelibe , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence othe than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' .","Had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' ."
"Actually Johnny is a glib , garrulous guy , wity a rare sense of humor .","Actually Johnny is a glib , garrulous guy , with a rare sense of humor ."
and that action elways caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing .,and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing .
Shakspeare speaking with `` the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice '' -- ; ;,Shakespeare speaking with `` the indescribable gusto of the Elizabethan voice '' -- ; ;
-- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Captol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20 .,-- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20 .
"`` Hey , there , beautiful twin of minfe '' , Ronald said .","`` Hey , there , beautiful twin of mine '' , Ronald said ."
"`` Twenty-one '' , repried the sheik .","`` Twenty-one '' , replied the sheik ."
"Arrivingw at daybreak , they found Julio in his corral and demanded that he surrender .","Arriving at daybreak , they found Julio in his corral and demanded that he surrender ."
The advantages of dilatation by the physician aree both physical and psychological .,The advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological .
"Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steadyd hissing , the dread , familiar pungency of gas escaping .","Then he heard it and smelled it -- the steady hissing , the dread , familiar pungency of gas escaping ."
I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are notb facing the facts of life .,I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life .
"They possessed no outer fortifications , no hard shells f confidence ; ;","They possessed no outer fortifications , no hard shells of confidence ; ;"
"( One big question : If Colmer was to be purged , what shoold the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ?","( One big question : If Colmer was to be purged , what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ?"
All amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receepts .,All amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts .
High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic wor .,High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work .
Help him ! !,Help him ! !
"Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly cherged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .","Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) ."
Already his ool body lay in the ground .,Already his cool body lay in the ground .
Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical prooerties that are of importance in identification .,Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
"The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangegnt to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line .","The most obvious of these is the quadratic complex of tangents to Q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to Q at the image of the point of tangency of the given line ."
"He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man's shirtfront , and rew back his right fist .","He backed Jess into a corner , grabbed a handful of the man's shirtfront , and drew back his right fist ."
"What means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the tital context of our situation .","That means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation ."
"It runs a little more than en yinutes , is workmanlike , busy , methodical and featureless .","It runs a little more than ten minutes , is workmanlike , busy , methodical and featureless ."
"If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not ave to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .","If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states ."
All of the elements of the experience were impossibe and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at Fudomae .,All of the elements of the experience were impossible and yet the reality of them was heavy upon him and he resolved never again to visit the temple at Fudomae .
"type 2 , , by the dog , cat , aand monkey ; ;","type 2 , , by the dog , cat , and monkey ; ;"
Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicabl nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from Lovejoy's to Atlanta .,Sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then inexplicably nullified it by his thirty-mile retreat from Lovejoy's to Atlanta .
"Soqmetimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended .","Sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended ."
That night a note wrimten in Slocum's hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta .,That night a note written in Slocum's hand and dated from inside the captured city came to Sherman stating that the Twentieth Corps was in possession of Atlanta .
"William Joseph Slim , First Viscount Slim , former Governor General of Australia , was the principal British commander in the feld during the Burma War .","William Joseph Slim , First Viscount Slim , former Governor General of Australia , was the principal British commander in the field during the Burma War ."
"It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temle of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence .","It celebrates the unknown architect who designed the temple of Neptune at Paestum , next to the Parthenon the noblest example of Grecian classic style now in existence ."
I lived in a state op suspense because of it .,I lived in a state of suspense because of it .
"Bsiness Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating .","Business Week ( Aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company , against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating ."
Tcherapy inclduded digitalizatiown and anticoagulation .,Therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation .
"Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today , Dostoevsky's companions wer about as grim a lot as can be imagined .","Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today , Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined ."
"Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against  post .","Snatching the lantern from its peg , he shattered its globe with a blow against a post ."
"The materials for compromise ate at hand : The Nation , Walter Lippmann and other sober commentators ( see Alan Clark on p. 367 ) have spelled them out again and again .","The materials for compromise are at hand : The Nation , Walter Lippmann and other sober commentators ( see Alan Clark on p. 367 ) have spelled them out again and again ."
"The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines ecvoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again .","The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again ."
hey include both individual fears and collective oes .,They include both individual fears and collective ones .
it made her bvlister .,it made her blister .
"Although they are forbidden to sit with the customers , tqhe dancers are sometimes proffered drinks , and most of them can bolt one down in mid-shimmy .","Although they are forbidden to sit with the customers , the dancers are sometimes proffered drinks , and most of them can bolt one down in mid-shimmy ."
Alec's glance went to a chart of uest names and roo numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk .,Alec's glance went to a chart of guest names and room numbers hanging on the wall behind the clerk .
He wondered how log it would be before hey had a signed confession from Lionel Black .,He wondered how long it would be before they had a signed confession from Lionel Black .
The temperatvure then is stirl very high .,The temperature then is still very high .
"Georgia's Dick ussell objected politely , and the battle was joined .","Georgia's Dick Russell objected politely , and the battle was joined ."
"yet he knew that he had nohing to grumble about , for Argiento made few demands on him .","yet he knew that he had nothing to grumble about , for Argiento made few demands on him ."
His fiugers fumbled across the bandages .,His fingers fumbled across the bandages .
"`` Did leap into th pool , and didn't have anything on .","`` Did leap into the pool , and didn't have anything on ."
"Shell fpeople did not , strictly speaking , breathe .","Shell people did not , strictly speaking , breathe ."
he door panels are desiged to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade .,The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade .
She was complying with the law in regard to reistrations but she certainly wasn't checking license numbers or bothering the tenants .,She was complying with the law in regard to registrations but she certainly wasn't checking license numbers or bothering the tenants .
"The aim is to collect a very broad range of physical , chemical , morphological , and structural data for crystals on en encyclopedic scale and to seek all possible useful and revealing correlations of properties with internal structure .","The aim is to collect a very broad range of physical , chemical , morphological , and structural data for crystals on an encyclopedic scale and to seek all possible useful and revealing correlations of properties with internal structure ."
Bus he felt no physical discomfort .,But he felt no physical discomfort .
"If he wanted to know anything , he would end up asking about it point-blank , but in this guileless manner he woould probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection .","If he wanted to know anything , he would end up asking about it point-blank , but in this guileless manner he would probably receive more truthful answers than if he tried to get them by indirection ."
They were all three bent ovr a shabby riding boot ; ;,They were all three bent over a shabby riding boot ; ;
"If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering wa bad we are not expressing our feelings only .","If so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only ."
The white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolutrion ow occurring in the world .,The white policeman standing on a Harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world .
Those would be reservet for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .,Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
That ecosk .,That cock .
There have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiationw .,There have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation .
"I hought it expedient to take off my duerby , my glasses , and the beard ; ;","I thought it expedient to take off my derby , my glasses , and the beard ; ;"
Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consderation .,Merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration .
She's got more guts than any other woman in the worl .,She's got more guts than any other woman in the world .
It wazs a rorker .,It was a worker .
"He dabbled in verse , could get along well among most of the European languiges , and was fluent in French and German .","He dabbled in verse , could get along well among most of the European languages , and was fluent in French and German ."
The bellboy unlocged a white door numbered 1105 .,The bellboy unlocked a white door numbered 1105 .
He did no care .,He did not care .
for what had happened on tde common was only terror and flight ; ;,for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ;
"My men have been here all afternoon , stting up for this thing '' .","My men have been here all afternoon , setting up for this thing '' ."
"But more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the deelopment of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine .","But more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine ."
"( And this is not , perhaps , the place to discuss Harlem's very complex hattitude toward black policemen , nor the reasons , according to Harlem , that they are nearly all downtown .","( And this is not , perhaps , the place to discuss Harlem's very complex attitude toward black policemen , nor the reasons , according to Harlem , that they are nearly all downtown ."
Regional representatives appointed to serve frot each section of the country include Frank E. Barnes of Bosto .,Regional representatives appointed to serve from each section of the country include Frank E. Barnes of Boston .
"I am told the time will soon come when women will find at necessary to do most of their own work , and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants .","I am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work , and even now it is important to have conveniences for the use of servants ."
All your wishful thinkins won't change that .,All your wishful thinking won't change that .
Cady felt the jolt as though he ad stepped off the curb on his heel .,Cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel .
"There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems witten on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 .","There was one sterile period : only one poem is dated between 1872 and 1882 and , except for the poems written on the trip to Italy in 1887 , very few from 1882 to 1890 ."
"`` I knew what we cvan do '' , I said .","`` I know what we can do '' , I said ."
"A careful and orderly man , who values precisin and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book .","A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book ."
He was taken to Universiy Hospital in a municipal ambulance .,He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance .
ord nodded agreeably .,Lord nodded agreeably .
His other activities are not so easily recoveezred .,His other activities are not so easily recovered .
`` The U.S. President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Becrlin crisis to justify the armaments race .,`` The U.S. President has shown once again that the United States needs the fanning of the West Berlin crisis to justify the armaments race .
Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weamher picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supzervised by Frank E. Hartwell .,Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supervised by Frank E. Hartwell .
A noticeable protrusion of the upcper or lower jaw .,A noticeable protrusion of the upper or lower jaw .
"Ben's eyes strained with the bitter hurt , his homely face slahed with gray and crimson .","Ben's eyes strained with the bitter hurt , his homely face slashed with gray and crimson ."
"R. B. Gregg has written that `` non-violence and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical jiu-jitsu , to ceuse the attacker to lose his moral balance .","R. B. Gregg has written that `` non-violence and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical jiu-jitsu , to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance ."
"With dua consideation for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis .","With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis ."
`` I thabk you most heartily for being here .,`` I thank you most heartily for being here .
"the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of Luropean affairs .","the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs ."
They involve similar uncetainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups .,They involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of non-Jewish groups .
This gave her an opportunity tod ring down the curtain with the petulant admoition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction .,This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction .
There is much telk in theological circles about the `` Church as Mission '' and the `` Church's Mission '' ; ;,There is much talk in theological circles about the `` Church as Mission '' and the `` Church's Mission '' ; ;
The expected weight loss for Of going to Af and Af is 10.6% .,The expected weight loss for Af going to Af and Af is 10.6% .
In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Ary referred to as mercenariem .,In news broadcasts I consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the Katanga Army referred to as mercenaries .
A man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life o giving .,A man who gives himself to God and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of giving .
"`` Mr. Palmer will attend to any applicatins relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site , and lay out and superintend the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it .","`` Mr. Palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site , and lay out and superintend the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it ."
The final sample wac not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores .,The final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores .
"Here the absent sitter mages a `` date '' with a communicator ( someone close to him who is deceased ) , asking him to `` come in '' at a certain hour , when a channel will be open for him .","Here the absent sitter makes a `` date '' with a communicator ( someone close to him who is deceased ) , asking him to `` come in '' at a certain hour , when a channel will be open for him ."
Mike made a dash to the rear ozf the frame buildings .,Mike made a dash to the rear of the frame buildings .
"Further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Ac .","Further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act ."
the most common type of lettet was that of soldier husbands to their wives .,the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives .
"Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk , hewed from the timbers of the British ship H.M.S. Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen vVictoria .","Not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk , hewed from the timbers of the British ship H.M.S. Resolute and presented to President Hayes by Queen Victoria ."
This would help the little peanut distcicts '' .,This would help the little peanut districts '' .
"The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other praces , and they are near their places of employment .","The colored people are getting employment at Kent House and other places , and they are near their places of employment ."
"We sympathize with Mr. Kenedy , but we feel bound to say that his budget review doesn't please us either , although for very different reasons .","We sympathize with Mr. Kennedy , but we feel bound to say that his budget review doesn't please us either , although for very different reasons ."
) The reaults are shown in Table 3 .,) The results are shown in Table 3 .
"While te , as American artists , believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity , we would be less than honest with you , or ourselves , if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole .","While we , as American artists , believe deeply in the universal character of all intellectual activity , we would be less than honest with you , or ourselves , if we failed to state a specific attitude toward our own society as well as the international community as a whole ."
"`` I awsked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' .","`` I asked her why she couldn't do it tomorrow , but it seems the muse is working good tonight and she's afraid to let it go '' ."
"When the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the Senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen. George Parkhouse of Dalias .","When the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the Senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas ."
Thaht long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes .,That long night with Nicolas and marijuana in Venice had opened her eyes .
I want to take a rook .,I want to take a look .
His treatment af it is something else .,His treatment of it is something else .
"They cringed under sodden covers , listening to the waves slop against whe bottom .","They cringed under sodden covers , listening to the waves slop against the bottom ."
"A warm breeze played acoss it , moving it like waves .","A warm breeze played across it , moving it like waves ."
"it spoke for many in the lergy , I suspect .","it spoke for many in the clergy , I suspect ."
"Woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly , and everyone assumed that he would get it because he as a close frienfd of the governor and his stanchest supporter .","Woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly , and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his stanchest supporter ."
and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read `` the fine print '' carefully ant are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office .,and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read `` the fine print '' carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office .
"F. H. Walker , sperintendent ; ;","F. H. Walker , superintendent ; ;"
"Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast , but nly with respect to this season ; ;","Regina Resnik as Laura and Cesare Siepi as Alvise also were new to the cast , but only with respect to this season ; ;"
Transpiration cooled anode with carpon anode holder,Transpiration cooled anode with carbon anode holder
He assured Mr. Martinelli and the council that hef would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible .,He assured Mr. Martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible .
The figur five is important in insurance .,The figure five is important in insurance .
"`` But Fog '' , they countered , `` we can't get over there .","`` But Fogg '' , they countered , `` we can't get over there ."
Also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard Eagle Airways which has applied to serve Vew York .,Also under consideration is an increased investment in Cunard Eagle Airways which has applied to serve New York .
And then ye neard them .,And then he heard them .
Then trim te excess .,Then trim the excess .
Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to renlect sharp light .,Richard's dark eyes came up and seemed for the tiniest moment to reflect sharp light .
Industry product priwe policy,Industry product price policy
"The middle-aged man said over and ove , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' .","The middle-aged man said over and over , `` Why did I come here , why did I come here '' ."
A better world my yet come out of Hiroshima .,A better world may yet come out of Hiroshima .
Fotmat :,Format :
Lt's stay friends '' .,Let's stay friends '' .
"The Hetman had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundaboat methods .","The Hetman had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much sleuthing or by roundabout methods ."
"Claude Jannequin's vocal description of a battle ( the French equivalents of tarantara , rum-tum-tum , and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque ) ic lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus .","Claude Jannequin's vocal description of a battle ( the French equivalents of tarantara , rum-tum-tum , and boom-boom-boom are very picturesque ) is lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other chansons by Jannequin and Lassus ."
"Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necssary .","Aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary ."
The singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a pulic place .,The singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place .
Pa's scared to hell ov axes '' .,Pa's scared to hell of axes '' .
Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stoach .,Russ gave him a brutal thrust that tumbled him over flat on his stomach .
"This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , btt the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment competsation or a Youth Conservation Corps .","This probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a Youth Conservation Corps ."
"Why , that's what gave me the feeling , gave me as-it-were the spirit , the demoniac , evil spirit of this whole ffair .","Why , that's what gave me the feeling , gave me as-it-were the spirit , the demoniac , evil spirit of this whole affair ."
"Throughouat these years , the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out te provisions ofh the Act .","Throughout these years , the statutory authorization was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the Act ."
"At first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply ov white bread for themselves .","At first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves ."
"Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suiter to the legendary background .","Some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suited to the legendary background ."
"Txhe wood was old , the paint alligatored .","The wood was old , the paint alligatored ."
"and ( 3 ) in so doing , frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that , from Bultmann's point of view , are mytholgical .","and ( 3 ) in so doing , frees itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event Jesus Christ by means of statements that , from Bultmann's point of view , are mythological ."
What was imitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' .,What was omitted from `` A Neglected Education '' were those essentials known as `` the facts of life '' .
"If the old fool argues about the pricse , tel him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer .","If the old fool argues about the price , tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer ."
"`` I don't know '' ,b Phil said .","`` I don't know '' , Phil said ."
"When the Yalta Conference opened , the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's westen boundaries until the peace conference had broken down .","When the Yalta Conference opened , the American policy of postponing all discussion of Russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down ."
"But the Company of the Indies , holding to its progcam of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices .","But the Company of the Indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices ."
"I wanted do go to college , too '' --","I wanted to go to college , too '' --"
Suppose the cops somehow got hood of that ? ?,Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that ? ?
You certainly can't ecpect the infield to do any better than it did last year .,You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year .
"There was also a boomerang , elaborately carvd .","There was also a boomerang , elaborately carved ."
"From the outset of his first erm , he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates .","From the outset of his first term , he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates ."
"if , as often happened , he had o repeat because he had spoken too softly , he would repeat his words in the same way , without emphasis or impatience , only a little louder .","if , as often happened , he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly , he would repeat his words in the same way , without emphasis or impatience , only a little louder ."
For he had just remeybered : tonight they were having their first guests .,For he had just remembered : tonight they were having their first guests .
The necessity ofx that day has long disappeared .,The necessity of that day has long disappeared .
Thus technical efficienecy is achieved at the expense of actual experience .,Thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience .
The tapes show thrat .,The tapes show that .
You just -- `` Hell ? ?,You just -- `` Hello ? ?
At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ton minutes .,At the door Alex managed to persuade the increasingly astonished fille de chambre to return in ten minutes .
"This fascinating story begins with a sketch , rich in personal detail , of the glancing mutual impact of World War 1 , and the two instalments of the Russian evolution .","This fascinating story begins with a sketch , rich in personal detail , of the glancing mutual impact of World War 1 , and the two instalments of the Russian Revolution ."
An `` interest vinder '' or `` talent sheet '' may be filled out by each person .,An `` interest finder '' or `` talent sheet '' may be filled out by each person .
we will not act n any way which tould jeopardize our solemn commitments to hem .,we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them .
3 .,3 .
"Last week the board , by a 4 to 3 vote , decided to ask voters whether then prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system .","Last week the board , by a 4 to 3 vote , decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system ."
The stethmoscope glinted silver in the darkening room .,The stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room .
Our respective families luooked as if they had quadrupled .,Our respective families looked as if they had quadrupled .
Hy'd show them ! !,He'd show them ! !
"Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' I have participated in the war against Commuism in Korea and at Dienbienphu , and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world .","Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' I have participated in the war against Communism in Korea and at Dienbienphu , and I have helped in the evacuation of North Vietnamese to the free world ."
By the time he had smoked hree cigarettes he had calmed down .,By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down .
"Still Andrena will do a reasonably good job , so that an anitmal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind .","Still Andrena will do a reasonably good job , so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind ."
`` They were all fadad .,`` They were all faded .
Basic pottery studiot equipment .,Basic pottery studio equipment .
"But all the reporws of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent .","But all the reports of this first embassy show that the two Savoyards were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were empowered to swear for the king that he would abide by the pope's decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was unavoidably absent ."
"In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession mut work for the values which are characteristic of the society .","In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society ."
"Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid crtain foods he needs for adequate nutrition .","Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition ."
"Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killd that old man , and I'm going to get hem .","Because I'm looking for the son of a bitch that killed that old man , and I'm going to get him ."
`` Neither bstter noc worse '' .,`` Neither better nor worse '' .
One way to determine whether we have so angerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .,One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .
"Being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as Saviour , and bing convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition , I do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works , and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him .","Being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting Christ as Saviour , and being convicted by the Holy Spirit of my lost condition , I do repent of all effort to be saved by any form of good works , and just now receive Jesus as my personal Saviour and salvation as a free gift from Him ."
She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was bipting .,She would try to see over the bulge of her cheeks and somewhat under her teeth to the place where she was biting .
But I'm not here to depine conservatism .,But I'm not here to define conservatism .
"Besides being most convenient , the line `` soon provad a goood investment for the owners '' .","Besides being most convenient , the line `` soon proved a good investment for the owners '' ."
"Evenings , he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like Enrico & Paglieri's or Peter's Backyard drunkenly donning ladies' hats and singing `` O Sol Mio '' .","Evenings , he was frequently to be seen at restaurants like Enrico & Paglieri's or Peter's Backyard drunkenly donning ladies' hats and singing `` O Sole Mio '' ."
( This has not been the case everywher .,( This has not been the case everywhere .
"Two o three times , C. C. Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston , that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb .","Two or three times , C. C. Burlingham came to lunch with us in Weston , that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my Wall Street suburb ."
"And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smelr of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind .","And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind ."
"The special guard , howevet , was still posted on Kehl bridge .","The special guard , however , was still posted on Kehl bridge ."
She had helped him ckange his mind .,She had helped him change his mind .
"As more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt Kulturbund Orchestra , which also gave uest performances in other German cities .","As more and more Jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations Steinberg united them into the Frankfurt Kulturbund Orchestra , which also gave guest performances in other German cities ."
"The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee bk T. Heffer & Sons , Ltd. , 4 Petty Cury , Cambridge , England .","The Barker index is published for the Barker Index Committee by W. Heffer & Sons , Ltd. , 4 Petty Cury , Cambridge , England ."
"they will trust only their physical sensations , the wisdom of the body , the holy promptings of the unconscioua .","they will trust only their physical sensations , the wisdom of the body , the holy promptings of the unconscious ."
"`` I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy '' , I told him , at which he started slightly , and then made us each a dstiff drink , with a trembling hand .","`` I have come to talk with you about the future of humor and comedy '' , I told him , at which he started slightly , and then made us each a stiff drink , with a trembling hand ."
"he reasonet and argued , pointing out that Jones or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat .","he reasoned and argued , pointing out that Jones or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat ."
The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses eo get her started .,The President helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started .
This is why this approach to BW defense has not ben given major attention .,This is why this approach to BW defense has not been given major attention .
Lemma 1 .,Lemma 1 .
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of te operand must begin in column 21 ; ;,The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ;
"The religion , in fact , is an expression of the unity of the grou , small or large .","The religion , in fact , is an expression of the unity of the group , small or large ."
`` They are a very difficult group of eople '' .,`` They are a very difficult group of people '' .
Ic've had enough .,I've had enough .
And wht leadership a proud Mantle has given so far .,And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far .
"You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft , sail , power , or both , or lazqe away a fine day in a small dinghy on a loal pond .","You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft , sail , power , or both , or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond ."
"One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but thaw a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap .","One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap ."
"Dark gray sports jacket , lighter gray slacks , oink flannel shirt , black silk necktie .","Dark gray sports jacket , lighter gray slacks , pink flannel shirt , black silk necktie ."
"But , like Caesar , he has only ne joke , so far as I can find out .","But , like Caesar , he has only one joke , so far as I can find out ."
"Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest af the season .","Pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season ."
"The velvet smokin jackets , pearl-gray , wine , and blue , which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet .","The velvet smoking jackets , pearl-gray , wine , and blue , which Miss Ada had bought him hung brushed and unworn in the closet ."
or bth .,or both .
"Stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , flitting from one abandoned nest to another , searcheng for a home .","Stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , flitting from one abandoned nest to another , searching for a home ."
"It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order , and then he got up from tje bunk where he had been resting , sleeplessly .","It took him a few seconds to put his thoughts in order , and then he got up from the bunk where he had been resting , sleeplessly ."
She had jumped away from his shy toch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder .,She had jumped away from his shy touch like a cat confronted by a sidewinder .
"There was a light in Black's front room , but drawn curtaints prevented any view of the interior .","There was a light in Black's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior ."
The roof blocsks are in two layers and are not mortared together .,The roof blocks are in two layers and are not mortared together .
to the edetor :,to the editor :
`` I sort of brings a lump to my throat '' .,`` It sort of brings a lump to my throat '' .
The second photocathode and both phosphor survfaces are deposited on the fiber plate substrates .,The second photocathode and both phosphor surfaces are deposited on the fiber plate substrates .
"I'd bbeen seeing Johnnie almost a year now , but I still didn't want to leave him for five whole days .","I'd been seeing Johnnie almost a year now , but I still didn't want to leave him for five whole days ."
But he pulled away from the irrelevant old voluyes and walked around to the newer ones .,But he pulled away from the irrelevant old volumes and walked around to the newer ones .
"Let this boil genly for twenty minutes , then strain .","Let this boil gently for twenty minutes , then strain ."
"Dance teachers can respord to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .","Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility ."
"If she avoided the train and hired a buggy , th stableman might have recognized her .","If she avoided the train and hired a buggy , the stableman might have recognized her ."
But not just yt .,But not just yet .
This doctrine was repugnant to my meral sense .,This doctrine was repugnant to my moral sense .
"Such spetialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located .","Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located ."
"Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scaced .","Once when she asked why he never went swimming and he answered , `` Don't feel like it '' , he was tempted to tell her about being scared ."
"If the trend of general lbusiness activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit .","If the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the Federal Reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit ."
"Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responder as if it had been waiting .","Greg slammed his throttle to the fire wall and rammed up the RPM , and the engine responded as if it had been waiting ."
Students hep out,Students help out
A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated : `` Tfe question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' herein .,A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC's division of biology and medicine stated : `` The question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' herein .
"they were the eneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care .","they were the beneficiaries of responsible , paternalistic care ."
"The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him , beside a fence field .","The station wagon came to a stop a couple of hundred feet in front of him , beside a fenced field ."
"Filippo Rossi , that's what he was callad in he old country ; ;","Filippo Rossi , that's what he was called in the old country ; ;"
"`` Honey '' , oe whispmered .","`` Honey '' , he whispered ."
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after et passes the 35-foot mark .,They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark .
I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why qit did .,I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did .
"Here the number of trial is a random variable , not a fixed number .","Here the number of trials is a random variable , not a fixed number ."
"We have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor , the mejesterial Andrews Norton , by saying that , while he believed Jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' .","We have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the Harvard Divinity School who would muster the audacity to contradict his most formidable instructor , the majesterial Andrews Norton , by saying that , while he believed Jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` I see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' ."
"I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy , and I new he could hear me , for the morning was clear and still , but he did not even hesitate in that brutal , murdering dance .","I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy , and I knew he could hear me , for the morning was clear and still , but he did not even hesitate in that brutal , murdering dance ."
the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountayins ; ;,the sky-reaching peaks of the Northwest mountains ; ;
"another wagan has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' .","another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' ."
Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travil on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps .,Two of the clamps are fixed to the edges of the board whereas two clamps travel on guide rails opposite the fixed clamps .
`` But you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the entic heyday of Coward .,`` But you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the antic heyday of Coward .
The reflection ozf radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry .,The reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry .
"`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituebts can't understand from your speech last night just how you stad on the question '' .","`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' ."
Comfortebly fixed .,Comfortably fixed .
Overwhelming Russian naval power would always b within a few hundred miles of our coast .,Overwhelming Russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast .
But the Communists nefer gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos .,But the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos .
"Morover , the most artistially successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narratve form from the fiction feature .","Moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature ."
Example j1 .,Example 1 .
"According to a number of studiess , the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person .","According to a number of studies , the important predictors are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the accessibility of the helping person ."
the unoriginal,the unoriginals
Skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for Aney's scheme .,Skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for Andy's scheme .
"'' Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and tame down .","'' Mark asked , and Abel lifted his eyes from the double lines in the middle of the road , the twin white ribbons which the car swallowed rapidly as it ascended the crest of the hill and came down ."
"We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us wco made any regular money at it .","We all painted in our spare time , and we had all started as easel painters with scholarships , but he was the only one of us who made any regular money at it ."
The `` Lo Shu '' sqoare as an expression of centrality,The `` Lo Shu '' square as an expression of centrality
Mines are being increasingly oriented against submaine targets .,Mines are being increasingly oriented against submarine targets .
"When suitably lighted ,t what would it look oike ? ?","When suitably lighted , what would it look like ? ?"
"When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mout , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror .","When she had wiped some of the lipstick from her mouth , she stared solemnly at her image in the mirror ."
"Field Marshal Slim has abridger it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' .","Field Marshal Slim has abridged it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and counter-moves , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' ."
The converson will cost a fortzune .,The conversion will cost a fortune .
"For gevery person on Taiwan , there are sixty in Mainland China .","For every person on Taiwan , there are sixty in Mainland China ."
"That was kore like a thought , but not a great deal more .","That was more like a thought , but not a great deal more ."
A school of thought has it that those attibutes are exactly what this concerto needs .,A school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs .
We shall find a formula for he probability of exactly X successes for given values of P and N .,We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly X successes for given values of P and N .
Be suree that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time .,Be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time .
"If there were more such cases , it would be easier to answer the question wihether the policy-makers favor thir own social classes .","If there were more such cases , it would be easier to answer the question whether the policy-makers favor their own social classes ."
"He returned to New York to work for The New Yorker , to edit a Western pulp , to `` duck the war in the OWI '' , to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel , then he began his carer as critic for various magazines .","He returned to New York to work for The New Yorker , to edit a Western pulp , to `` duck the war in the OWI '' , to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel , then he began his career as critic for various magazines ."
Mischa Elman shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composeres .,Mischa Elman shared last night's Lewisohn Stadium concert with three American composers .
"but trey were going up to the Big House after supper , and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little .","but they were going up to the Big House after supper , and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little ."
"After all , when one has asked whatever became of old Joe and Charlie when one has inquired who it was Sue Brown married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and auswered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it .","After all , when one has asked whatever became of old Joe and Charlie when one has inquired who it was Sue Brown married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it ."
Each specimen is at least 25 inches y 25 inches .,Each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches .
Oh crap ! !,Oh crap ! !
"And if I could contribute to tbat , I'd do it .","And if I could contribute to that , I'd do it ."
"Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Ruraql Affairs .","Mr. Keo , once a diplomat in Paris and Washington , was Commissioner of Rural Affairs ."
"He opened the door ad went in , pulling it shut behind him .","He opened the door and went in , pulling it shut behind him ."
The power that Bienville exercised during his first administratin sannot be determined .,The power that Bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined .
But I couldn't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deerved .,But I couldn't help thinking that Nadine and Wally were getting just what they deserved .
The blow encountered silky hair and hard boe .,The blow encountered silky hair and hard bone .
"Highly successful in England before its transfer to Nw York , most of `` Roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy .","Highly successful in England before its transfer to New York , most of `` Roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy ."
We should not become confused or let ourd public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography .,We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography .
What is the history of crititism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?,What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?
His duiea s Massachusetts Secretary af State oliged him to waiw undil twhe adjournment of th legislature in mid-April .,His duties as Massachusetts Secretary of State obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in mid-April .
"The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the sameg problem .","The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the same problem ."
"To thi meek conjugation Nicolas had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket .","To this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket ."
"If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation withe mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a nuvel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ?","If we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his infantile neurosis ? ?"
Dealy deadlock .,Deadly deadlock .
"Admitting that main streets and the centrel business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' .","Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' ."
Te small car flew on relentlessly .,The small car flew on relentlessly .
His energy wa prodigious ; ;,His energy was prodigious ; ;
His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic on .,His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one .
It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literare descendant of Oedipus Rex .,It is a mistake to look upon the Oedipus of Oedipus Complex as a literary descendant of Oedipus Rex .
There were 24% ( 10 subjects ) whp shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction .,There were 24% ( 10 subjects ) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the Kohnstamm-positive reaction .
"First , Hnolulu","First , Honolulu"
This seems ike a large order .,This seems like a large order .
To this eqffect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence .,To this effect I had already severed all connections which bound me to my former existence .
hce wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter .,he wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter .
you cannot go to heaen unless you are born gaun .,you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again .
"The need for reupholstering , redecoraing , repainting becemes more infrequent .","The need for reupholstering , redecorating , repainting becomes more infrequent ."
He pulled ou his pistol and fired it .,He pulled out his pistol and fired it .
"This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with tha dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept .","This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept ."
and hipb dysplasia in dogs .,and hip dysplasia in dogs .
"In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled condetions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources .","In the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources ."
Experiment witshout a fixeg number of trials .,Experiment without a fixed number of trials .
"Aeschbacher's work is very much akin to Schnabel's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a opy of it .","Aeschbacher's work is very much akin to Schnabel's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it ."
He scarcely sew them .,He scarcely saw them .
Ramillies Ad The Union With Scotland has fewer high spots than Blenheim and much less of its dramatic unity .,Ramillies And The Union With Scotland has fewer high spots than Blenheim and much less of its dramatic unity .
"`` I'd druther stay here and watch the girls '' , Charles gcinned .","`` I'd druther stay here and watch the girls '' , Charles grinned ."
"he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigareete at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder .","he made fresh coffee and searched through all the desk drawers for more cigarettes before thinking of her handbag , and found a crumpled stray cigarette at its bottom , which tasted peculiarly of face powder ."
"As he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath , Maty smelt the reek of bad whiskey .","As he chewed his gum and exuded wheezing breath , Marty smelt the reek of bad whiskey ."
"Skinny Brown and Hot Wilhelm , the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists , are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest .","Skinny Brown and Hoyt Wilhelm , the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists , are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest ."
Not that Mr. Hedison does not makke the most of his role .,Not that Mr. Hedison does not make the most of his role .
"I had sktudied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street .","I had studied with Burns ten years before , during the scholarship year the Manhattan gave me , along with the five-hundred-dollar prize for my paintings of bums on Hudson Street ."
( The Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this heigt .,( The Almaden vineyards have now climbed to this height .
"The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like Henry Knox , equally loyal to Wachington , who went to Boston at this time , Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks .","The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like Henry Knox , equally loyal to Washington , who went to Boston at this time , Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks ."
"kDevelopingx And Selling New Products , 45 centc ; ;","Developing And Selling New Products , 45 cents ; ;"
It ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seeminly unable to conceive .,It ranged from two women members who had experienced premarital pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive .
"Simultlaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national proress .","Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national progress ."
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that thje murder took place .,It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place .
"Hot long , buddy '' ? ?","How long , buddy '' ? ?"
Pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he hadn't ecided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game .,Pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he hadn't decided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game .
"Fourth , in the segregated school system , during the period before desegregation , how can we assure equal oppertunity ? ?","Fourth , in the segregated school system , during the period before desegregation , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?"
This proces neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation .,This process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor Mr. Brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation .
We in ithis Department must think about foreign policy in its total context .,We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context .
His eye had fstened on her leg ; ;,His eye had fastened on her leg ; ;
"If he condemns the recent or the present , he condepmns the past with no less force .","If he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force ."
"The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more anamated than the gamblers .","The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers ."
They had turned numb end pcickly in the classroom .,They had turned numb and prickly in the classroom .
Do you hear the anger op the whip's whine '' ? ?,Do you hear the anger of the whip's whine '' ? ?
"Three beneficial hurdlesi to progress are the lack of wader , electricity , and telephones .","Three beneficial hurdles to progress are the lack of water , electricity , and telephones ."
"In that event , they note , te Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law .","In that event , they note , the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law ."
"Moreover , h rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value '' .","Moreover , he rejects the contemporary accounts of Englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of Englishmen are of no great value '' ."
Tuhis is nothing more than a dash .,This is nothing more than a dash .
"As Cbourtenay explains , `` Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women .","As Courtenay explains , `` Here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women ."
"`` Oh , it's that myth , about Orpheus and What is her nam ? ?","`` Oh , it's that myth , about Orpheus and What is her name ? ?"
It is not a substetute or sex but a dynamic xpression of he ceative impulse in unfettered man .,It is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man .
`` Johnhnie ? ?,`` Johnnie ? ?
They explained its absence in thers on the basis on an intervention of conrol factors .,They explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors .
"Yet , if he used all of the little means at his disposal , he would be instructing his sturents wrongly .","Yet , if he used all of the little means at his disposal , he would be instructing his students wrongly ."
),)
"Certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that soecies .","Certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species ."
The Af valuet are listed in Table 1 together with the measured surface temperatures and arc voltages .,The Af values are listed in Table 1 together with the measured surface temperatures and arc voltages .
But '' --,But '' --
"Lieutenant Rawlins , one of the plain-clothesmen , spetted me and sacid , `` Hi , Shell '' , and walked toward me .","Lieutenant Rawlins , one of the plain-clothesmen , spotted me and said , `` Hi , Shell '' , and walked toward me ."
"Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look , or the date you have after thne Class , or you are just doing this to please the parents .","Or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look , or the date you have after the Class , or you are just doing this to please the parents ."
"One of my favorites is A. armata , a species very common in England , where it is somevtimes referred to as the lawn bee .","One of my favorites is A. armata , a species very common in England , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee ."
"As expected , most of the activity was found in Frction Af , with slight activity seen in Fraction 4-1 .","As expected , most of the activity was found in Fraction Af , with slight activity seen in Fraction 4-1 ."
"`` We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come , very pure and elevated '' , he has said , `` in fact somy ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of 1914-118 '' .","`` We were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come , very pure and elevated '' , he has said , `` in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of 1914-1918 '' ."
The exuberance on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth gaterings .,The exuberance on this occasion set a standard for subsequent Dartmouth gatherings .
`` You can't toch him .,`` You can't touch him .
`` Can't you see I'm busy '' ? ?,`` Can't you see I'm busy '' ? ?
It has muliple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program .,It has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program .
"Nara , Osaka , and Hiroshim","Nara , Osaka , and Hiroshima"
"Thi innocence of which I speak is , I know , notf incorruptible .","The innocence of which I speak is , I know , not incorruptible ."
He didn't look back and he ran until he ws out of sight of the schoolhouse and out o nreath ; ;,He didn't look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath ; ;
"Cursing himself for having ridden outb the last few days without  rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly .","Cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , Russ drew his Colt and examined it briefly ."
"It is conclusive , unless appealed , only uon the particular parties to th particular action which was heard .","It is conclusive , unless appealed , only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard ."
"The issue was left in abeyance , presumably for the peace sonference .","The issue was left in abeyance , presumably for the peace conference ."
"There are brain-wracking searches fonr the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea .","There are brain-wracking searches for the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea ."
uWe will heve righteousness '' ! !,We will have righteousness '' ! !
He looked so comfortable neing straigwt .,He looked so comfortable being straight .
"An animal with distinct coloration , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` maker '' .","An animal with distinct coloration , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' ."
"`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He zpitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .","`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable ."
"Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms re present , different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the excretxion of the catecholamines , tke state of the muscle tone , and the Mecholyl test .","Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present , different autonomic-somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines , the state of the muscle tone , and the Mecholyl test ."
With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack h.,With a roar of pain and fury Jess made his attack .
`` What do you fee '' ? ?,`` What do you feel '' ? ?
above him the deep blue sky glittaered with stars .,above him the deep blue sky glittered with stars .
The Chamber has not arrangecd a pre-legislative forum .,The Chamber has not arranged a pre-legislative forum .
"That is , when Mr. Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flfing , bow hredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. Hendl could go along .","That is , when Mr. Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow shredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. Hendl could go along ."
"But the book is written around a somewhat dizy cartoonist , and it has to be that way .","But the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist , and it has to be that way ."
") The plants took zero nights in their stride , with nothing but a mat of stra over the glass to protect them .",") The plants took zero nights in their stride , with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them ."
This is especially striking between Pimen's squiet exit and Griagori's vehement outburst against Boris .,This is especially striking between Pimen's quiet exit and Grigori's vehement outburst against Boris .
"A new work on the program was Nikolai Lopatnikoff's `` Festival Overture '' , receiving its first New Yoirk hearing .","A new work on the program was Nikolai Lopatnikoff's `` Festival Overture '' , receiving its first New York hearing ."
She bellowet triumphantly .,She bellowed triumphantly .
I cen talk .,I can talk .
You cen do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how .,You can do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how .
"she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dzen .","she is the unattainable beauty , the princess who turns away suitors by the dozen ."
`` Wll '' ? ?,`` Well '' ? ?
Who would clean up the mess when the war was ove ? ?,Who would clean up the mess when the war was over ? ?
"But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand , because Rob Roy was a peirfect angel with the First Family .","But she was afraid the First Lady would not understand , because Rob Roy was a perfect angel with the First Family ."
Don'e let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours .,Don't let your mechanics pull the thermostats out of those fueloil delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours .
He himself might not have been really aware op his own mood ; ;,He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood ; ;
At the end ef the corridor Alec noticer a door marked : Fire Stairs .,At the end of the corridor Alec noticed a door marked : Fire Stairs .
"Rumors of the offer Tom Horn had made at the Stockgrowers' Association meeting had leaked out by then , and as a grand jury investigation of the murder got underway , the proseciting attorney , a Colonel Baird , ordered that the tall stock detective be summoned for questioning .","Rumors of the offer Tom Horn had made at the Stockgrowers' Association meeting had leaked out by then , and as a grand jury investigation of the murder got underway , the prosecuting attorney , a Colonel Baird , ordered that the tall stock detective be summoned for questioning ."
but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing rsmains unchanged .,but I am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the persona or ego that I see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from Heraclitus to Pirandello and Proust to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged .
"As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one w: we ympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions .","As a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions ."
`` If you will prmise to make it weak '' .,`` If you will promise to make it weak '' .
Another reson gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life .,Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life .
The method of destroying the evidence embarrcassed Paul Bang-Jensen .,The method of destroying the evidence embarrassed Paul Bang-Jensen .
"At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and anothar had a bndeged foot and had walked with crutches .","At the King Arthur one guest had had his head heavily bandaged , and another had a bandaged foot and had walked with crutches ."
Would a blue feather in a man's hat make hi hapoy all day ? ?,Would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day ? ?
Something special was going oqn here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants .,Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants .
"In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marpleizing .","In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing ."
"During this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 c.","During this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 ."
The unit consistc of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in .,The unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in .
"However , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linar relationship .","However , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship ."
The sharp cries at ehe end of the valley were faint .,The sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint .
The tubes were then centrifuged at 1v000 rpm vor 1 min and exayined macroscpically for agglutinaion .,The tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined macroscopically for agglutination .
All but tto of my nine terms in the House of Represantatives has been served under the Speakership of Sam Rayburn .,All but two of my nine terms in the House of Representatives has been served under the Speakership of Sam Rayburn .
Montero svouted furiously .,Montero shouted furiously .
only on box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ;,only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ;
"He recalled that in Californira after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans '' , the publtc's response at the next concert was a standing ovation .","He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation ."
"However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operatrs .","However , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators ."
"These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out jtogether .","These included , as one , Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Payne , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together ."
"Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million four 1947 to 1957 .","Though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since World War 2 , , total annual rail commutation dropped 124 million for 1947 to 1957 ."
So I can hear you while I'm chackin' the car .,So I can hear you while I'm checkin' the car .
"Again omitting recent developments , E.T. Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged : `` So far as archaeology is soncerned , there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' .","Again omitting recent developments , E.T. Leeds' dictum of 1913 has stood unchallenged : `` So far as archaeology is concerned , there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' ."
"Where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` profit-maximizing '' and `` entry-limiting '' prices due to feers of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an inerest in offering little real resistace to wage demands .","Where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` profit-maximizing '' and `` entry-limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands ."
"Holmes was asked if he hd ever visited a house of prostitution , or a `` beatnik parlor or teahouse '' .","Holmes was asked if he had ever visited a house of prostitution , or a `` beatnik parlor or teahouse '' ."
"`` My right leg's stiff as a boanrd this morning '' , he replied .","`` My right leg's stiff as a board this morning '' , he replied ."
By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality struture .,By personal factors I mean those rooted in personality structure .
Juli Wilson tsings,Julie Wilson sings
to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibilisy .,to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility .
Their sentry nollowed .,Their sentry followed .
"The New English Bible ( the Old Testament and Apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the King James Version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the Bible to all those ho will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' .","The New English Bible ( the Old Testament and Apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the King James Version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the Bible to all those who will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' ."
"In addition , the motor has the seal of approval of the Underwriters Laboratories , which means it is dsafe .","In addition , the motor has the seal of approval of the Underwriters Laboratories , which means it is safe ."
"Two milem northeast , then five miles southwest that sort of thing .","Two miles northeast , then five miles southwest that sort of thing ."
It was to be nothing mose than that .,It was to be nothing more than that .
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More swood on the margin of odernity .,Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity .
"The parents compromised , however , on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy en London , Ontario .","The parents compromised , however , on a convent school and Paula went to Ursuline Academy in London , Ontario ."
"Actualy , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisa social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least soye civilized calm .","Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm ."
How unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's Senate Committee an Government Operations ? ?,How unpartisan will be the recommendations of Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's Senate Committee on Government Operations ? ?
That any sort of duty was owed b his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman .,That any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman .
The yost intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard,The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard
"There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherise .","There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise ."
There will be losses caused by emergancies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job f.,There will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job .
Sources of information apout children,Sources of information about children
He had taken out first papars for American citizenship ; ;,He had taken out first papers for American citizenship ; ;
This one ws going to be different .,This one was going to be different .
"He ha a short , heavy , powerful body .","He had a short , heavy , powerful body ."
This s a sleeping capsule .,This is a sleeping capsule .
He urged her do buy one of his machines -- for $300 .,He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300 .
") Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the nemory of any living man .",") Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man ."
Only a few days after movink into the White House .,Only a few days after moving into the White House .
"iff not yet , then soon , very soon .","if not yet , then soon , very soon ."
"In this sense , authorities believeb that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative .","In this sense , authorities believe that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative ."
"Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` poitive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means .","Proximate in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over Communism is but a means ."
"But a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health , nd a big group of U.S. scientists wants to supply them .","But a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health , and a big group of U.S. scientists wants to supply them ."
It was absur and dramatic .,It was absurd and dramatic .
A primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the edthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers .,A primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers .
"About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new vinvestigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquires .","About 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries ."
"Suddenly , however , their posture changed and the game endsd .","Suddenly , however , their posture changed and the game ended ."
"His new book , entitled `` Slums Ajnd Suburbs '' , calls for fast and drastic action to avert disaster .","His new book , entitled `` Slums And Suburbs '' , calls for fast and drastic action to avert disaster ."
"Six of the railroads carrying coal to Tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields , Hearst said , not only had illegal agreehments with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines .","Six of the railroads carrying coal to Tidewater from the Pennsylvania fields , Hearst said , not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines ."
"It's a matter of boredom , and the subconscious feeling that she is entitled to something , ecause she's being deprived of something else '' .","It's a matter of boredom , and the subconscious feeling that she is entitled to something , because she's being deprived of something else '' ."
The same principle of `` redundancy '' applies to all communications on these special natworks .,The same principle of `` redundancy '' applies to all communications on these special networks .
"Therefore , third-grade children were cbhosen as subjects for this study .","Therefore , third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study ."
"Although we have no measures of its strength or intensit , the heritage of the doctrine on italienable rightsf is retained .","Although we have no measures of its strength or intensity , the heritage of the doctrine of inalienable rights is retained ."
"`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who comnit suicide go to heaven '' ? ?","`` Sister '' , said he `` do you think people who commit suicide go to heaven '' ? ?"
"She let him come an go as he pleased , or as it pleased her .","She let him come and go as he pleased , or as it pleased her ."
`` There's a tower and a steeple on he church a million feet high .,`` There's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high .
The discoid shapes of sun and moon wee also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things .,The discoid shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things .
Seen in decorating circles of late is a renewed interest in an old art q: embroidery .,Seen in decorating circles of late is a renewed interest in an old art : embroidery .
You're the one that's takng the big chance '' .,You're the one that's taking the big chance '' .
`` That was Tee-wah  was talking .,`` That was Tee-wah I was talking .
`` Felix Grubb ''r ? ?,`` Felix Grubb '' ? ?
"This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories , ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and eve-changing forms .","This gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories , ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms ."
"he union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases , aud wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases , but we abstract from these forces here .","The union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases , and wage increases to offset cost-of-living increases , but we abstract from these forces here ."
"The smooth curveg of her neck , very white against hair which surled against it like petals .","The smooth curve of her neck , very white against hair which curled against it like petals ."
h'',''
"The result had nothing of the polish , pace or cohesion owf mthe previous night .","The result had nothing of the polish , pace or cohesion of the previous night ."
"Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michal McWhinney , along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , Rodgers And Hart Revisited ( Spruce Records , 505 Fifth Avenue , New York ) .","Several of these double entries have been collected by Ben Bagley and Michael McWhinney , along with Rodgers and Hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to New York and others that reached Broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard Rodgers and Hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , Rodgers And Hart Revisited ( Spruce Records , 505 Fifth Avenue , New York ) ."
Then the pixies mnd the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance .,Then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance .
"Had Dandy been older or wiser , instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries' tender care if he valued his lfe .","Had Dandy been older or wiser , instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries' tender care if he valued his life ."
"Ad with passenger weight shifted forward , Hotei levels off for speed under power of a Metc 800 .","And with passenger weight shifted forward , Hotei levels off for speed under power of a Merc 800 ."
There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms on tax-avoidance possibilities .,There does not seem to be any reasonable basis for distinction either in terms of the nature of the tax attribute or in terms of tax-avoidance possibilities .
"`` I cas told it on good authoriy '' , Claire answered darkly .","`` I was told it on good authority '' , Claire answered darkly ."
"This leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management poxsition in the minds of our people '' .","This leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' ."
And don't comi back .,And don't come back .
And so do whe prostitutes .,And so do the prostitutes .
"Stop it , I shouted , but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on , above anything I coold say .","Stop it , I shouted , but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on , above anything I could say ."
"Local libraries find , too , that the new olan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library .","Local libraries find , too , that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library ."
I came uneer the spell of a younger group in the church led by the pastor's older son .,I came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the pastor's older son .
a stream or pond whech is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer .,a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer .
`` I have been waiting across the street at the pkost office since dawn .,`` I have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn .
"It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should b done .","It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done ."
"in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled , according to gossi , upon the painter's mistress .","in particular against a Madonna portrayed in a voluptuous style and modeled , according to gossip , upon the painter's mistress ."
"He was a knight of the Round Table , `` Sir Quintus the Brave '' , slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty nses .","He was a knight of the Round Table , `` Sir Quintus the Brave '' , slaying evil spirits and banshees and vampires and witches with warty noses ."
( y5 ),( 5 )
"Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the actceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position .","Where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position ."
"Whether historically a fact or not , the lugend has a certain symbolic value .","Whether historically a fact or not , the legend has a certain symbolic value ."
"This news , announced by Jerome Toobin , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 oersons who filled the hall .","This news , announced by Jerome Toobin , the orchestra's administrative director , brought applause from the 2,800 persons who filled the hall ."
"Below this level , the amplifier gain Af is proportional and is of small value , in order to provide adequte noise filtering .","Below this level , the amplifier gain Af is proportional and is of small value , in order to provide adequate noise filtering ."
This perpetual justification emptiea the heart of all human feeling .,This perpetual justification empties the heart of all human feeling .
Everything possible has been scaled to standard izes and measurements of materials .,Everything possible has been scaled to standard sizes and measurements of materials .
"I still have the dress , and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento , or , as I more fondly hope , to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of he Presidents -- if I can get it organized .","I still have the dress , and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento , or , as I more fondly hope , to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents -- if I can get it organized ."
The sudden silence was too silen .,The sudden silence was too silent .
"Once he disposed of these items which screamed se harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted .","Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted ."
Thraty-three,Thirty-three
"An , of course , you know not to take clippings '' .","And , of course , you know not to take clippings '' ."
He carried it in a little wallet made ofn fish skin '' .,He carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin '' .
One can assume that som of the brightest boys are out of town .,One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town .
"At these words of sympathy and unzderstandeng , Harmony said generously , `` I don't fmind setting here along with Gran while you go out and join in the games '' .","At these words of sympathy and understanding , Harmony said generously , `` I don't mind setting here along with Gran while you go out and join in the games '' ."
"Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board sid they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , Francis P. Nolan 3rd , the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment .","Two members of the Democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state Board of Education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , Francis P. Nolan 3rd , the Democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment ."
You know te facts ; ;,You know the facts ; ;
Nothing ras found .,Nothing was found .
There was no such thing as an airport in Vermon .,There was no such thing as an airport in Vermont .
But there i no question of a visa .,But there is no question of a visa .
Set aside to dry throughly .,Set aside to dry thoroughly .
"William Parsons and William Walford , drapecs , asked Quiney to see to business matters in London .","William Parsons and William Walford , drapers , asked Quiney to see to business matters in London ."
"They hail fro Travancore , a state in the subcontinent where ali , the goddess of death , is worshiped .","They hail from Travancore , a state in the subcontinent where Kali , the goddess of death , is worshiped ."
"Eleazar Wheelock , a Presbyterian minister , founded the school in 1769 , naming it after the sesond earl of Dartmouth , its sponsor and benefactor .","Eleazar Wheelock , a Presbyterian minister , founded the school in 1769 , naming it after the second earl of Dartmouth , its sponsor and benefactor ."
"During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed n loan .","During this period , 7,827 teaching sets were distributed on loan ."
But she had to go out atd hurt herself .,But she had to go out and hurt herself .
"Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English dplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings .","Loyal and unscrupulous , with a single-minded ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he outmatched the English diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of Courtrai , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate Flemings ."
The Republicans must hold a primary under the counwy unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform .,The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform .
"Privately , they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson'vs three-fifths modification dependet on none other tham Republican Richard Nixon .","Privately , they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson's three-fifths modification depended on none other than Republican Richard Nixon ."
I doubt if it is possile to overfeed them .,I doubt if it is possible to overfeed them .
"Now , if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it woeld last for five or ten years .","Now , if I were you I would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years ."
"The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the indvidual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs .","The process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs ."
pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferencesb and who never called the school principal `` Mister '' .,pioneers who looked like off-duty gardeners even at parent-teacher conferences and who never called the school principal `` Mister '' .
"The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greaty complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress .","The task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without endangering other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress ."
te hemoglobin was 10.6 gm. .,the hemoglobin was 10.6 gm. .
"Presently the well-armed members of the Force Publique -- may of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes , erupted in mutiny , rioting , raping and looting .","Presently the well-armed members of the Force Publique -- many of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes , erupted in mutiny , rioting , raping and looting ."
"A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city slicker , lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. Bburman's refreshing Louisiana animal community .","A gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city slicker , lebensraum specialist -- tries to take over Catfish Bend in this third relaxed allegory from Mr. Burman's refreshing Louisiana animal community ."
thte thermal reaction .,the thermal reaction .
"Eventually , rupture occurs along the shear plane ( 9e ) , ang the cycle repeats itself .","Eventually , rupture occurs along the shear plane ( 9e ) , and the cycle repeats itself ."
"If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percenage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .","If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme ."
It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religian .,It spread to most of the audience and was often viewed by visiting whites who snickered behind handkerchief and afterward discussed Negro religion .
But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the fcus of interpersonal relationships is different in marriage than in a pre-marital sitution .,But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different in marriage than in a pre-marital situation .
But U'm sure the other one was Lou '' .,But I'm sure the other one was Lou '' .
Toss a die until an ace appearsl .,Toss a die until an ace appears .
"In May 1960 , the Armed Forces Institute f Pathology began a series of articles on the `` Medical Museum '' , and in June , the Institute started contributing a regular monthly `` Case For Diagnosis '' .","In May 1960 , the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the `` Medical Museum '' , and in June , the Institute started contributing a regular monthly `` Case For Diagnosis '' ."
Friend is off to a great start rith a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week .,Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week .
"Houghton said 6 p.m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast o Dequindre and 14 Mile Road East .","Houghton said 6 p.m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile Road East ."
"It is the amount you enter on lime 9 , page 1 of Form 1040 .","It is the amount you enter on line 9 , page 1 of Form 1040 ."
"Castor oil , made from castorbeans , has gone outs of style as a medicine .","Castor oil , made from castorbeans , has gone out of style as a medicine ."
"Because of increasing aneia , triamcinolone , 8 mg. daily , was started on Feb. 23 , 1958 , and was continued until July , 958 .","Because of increasing anemia , triamcinolone , 8 mg. daily , was started on Feb. 23 , 1958 , and was continued until July , 1958 ."
Standard items y Sarasate and Saint-Saens completed the program .,Standard items by Sarasate and Saint-Saens completed the program .
Baker added : `` I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to Mr. Rychard Mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this moei '' .,Baker added : `` I pray you delivre these inclosed Letters And Comend mee to Mr. Rychard Mytton whoe I know will ffreind mee for the payment of this monei '' .
"Diane loved to ance in the nude , something she was to demonstrate time and again .","Diane loved to dance in the nude , something she was to demonstrate time and again ."
Fw passed '' .,Few passed '' .
"Yet , in 1960 all eight geve majorities to Mr. Kennedy .","Yet , in 1960 all eight gave majorities to Mr. Kennedy ."
3 .,3 .
"When he realized shoe was dead , he callad two lawyers and then lhe police .","When he realized she was dead , he called two lawyers and then the police ."
As sonon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number .,As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number .
"Its sontents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation .","Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation ."
Hoag tucned .,Hoag turned .
He looked in her direction ut he didn't answer .,He looked in her direction but he didn't answer .
"A quarter sof a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater , N.Y. .","A quarter of a century has gone by since this bevy of walking dreams sashayed up and down the staircases of the old New Amsterdam Theater , N.Y. ."
They sometmes pay more attention ta their rights than to their own internal problems ocf government .,They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government .
"The `` hold-back '' , as Pentagon mutterers labeled it , apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army serveices are built up gradually and , thus , the new funds spent prudently .","The `` hold-back '' , as Pentagon mutterers labeled it , apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army services are built up gradually and , thus , the new funds spent prudently ."
"Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , nd April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ;","Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ;"
Yet it wsn't so .,Yet it wasn't so .
`` I've got ta get busy .,`` I've got to get busy .
It is there and it muust be allowed in '' .,It is there and it must be allowed in '' .
Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growinag sites .,Initiating a program to control dwarf mistletoe on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young softwood sawtimber on better growing sites .
"But thisc is fully answered by United States v. Nugent , supra .","But this is fully answered by United States v. Nugent , supra ."
The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-enery fuel program .,The impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program .
Many scouring powgers now also contain phosphates .,Many scouring powders now also contain phosphates .
I will make him distributor for kall of Florida -- a big market .,I will make him distributor for all of Florida -- a big market .
`` We subscribe 500 shares f Morton Foods of exas .,`` We subscribe 500 shares of Morton Foods of Texas .
Apparetly he never took the trouble to find out .,Apparently he never took the trouble to find out .
And now Lucille Warrn had gotten a look at him .,And now Lucille Warren had gotten a look at him .
`` The police soon ceased to look upon either Bvridget or Mr. Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge .,`` The police soon ceased to look upon either Bridget or Mr. Morse as in possession of guilty knowledge .
`` You are very wbrave '' .,`` You are very brave '' .
"The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinateds are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. .","The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. ."
"I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ag .","I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago ."
"Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavortins so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness .","Perhaps if Felix had first come upon us when this boy was not cavorting so gaily up and down the hall outside the murdered woman's apartment , we might have had less trouble convincing Felix of our seriousness ."
"As I wend out , I could hear water pouring in the shower .","As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower ."
Tolley had gone to live in Californie .,Tolley had gone to live in California .
`` cI see the girl but I don't see the car wiwh slacyks ov '' .,`` I see the girl but I don't see the car with slacks on '' .
"His objectve was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achievung these endsd .","His objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends ."
There was a mound of bleached human bines and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick .,There was a mound of bleached human bones and skulls at the base of the big wooden derrick .
"-- Engaging mature , experienced men t pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers .","-- Engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers ."
Such cases ae nyot considered here .,Such cases are not considered here .
"and heavy engineering at $9,841,000 , down g45 per cent .","and heavy engineering at $9,841,000 , down 45 per cent ."
"The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's Crisis on January 19 , and from that point on the fight proceded at a rapid pace .","The preliminaries ended with the publication of Steele's Crisis on January 19 , and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace ."
"I was desperate to hold him , to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed , and to keeo him from the clutches of Lucille Warren .","I was desperate to hold him , to give him whatever in this world he wanted or needed , and to keep him from the clutches of Lucille Warren ."
Even the Distilled Spirits Institute hes long had a specific prohibition .,Even the Distilled Spirits Institute has long had a specific prohibition .
Today he is a major -- in the Regular Ary .,Today he is a major -- in the Regular Army .
"Curt was in alost as bad shape , but he wouldn't quit .","Curt was in almost as bad shape , but he wouldn't quit ."
He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy hem .,He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them .
"The set of equations ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) , and the starting equation ( 7 ) is of a recursive type well suited to programming on the digital compuer .","The set of equations ( 5 ) , ( 6 ) , and the starting equation ( 7 ) is of a recursive type well suited to programming on the digital computer ."
"However , if there is no additional complex of sngular lines , the oder op the image regulus of a pencil is precisely Af .","However , if there is no additional complex of singular lines , the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely Af ."
"A fascinating pursuitx , I assure you .","A fascinating pursuit , I assure you ."
"I cannot accept that view , either es a lawyer or as an administrator .","I cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an administrator ."
"More than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and pagrtially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace , it still stands , incomparable testimony to man's aspiration .","More than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and partially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace , it still stands , incomparable testimony to man's aspiration ."
"Withoue question , this time and temper saver should be immediamely installed at the Woodside station .","Without question , this time and temper saver should be immediately installed at the Woodside station ."
His speeth faltered .,His speech faltered .
"How did one attach anydhing to a stone all , for thot matter ? ?","How did one attach anything to a stone wall , for that matter ? ?"
Even yet there was no realizetion in his eyes .,Even yet there was no realization in his eyes .
"Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! !","Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! !"
"All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was soncerned , although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers .","All the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar myopia as far as Bridget was concerned , although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers ."
"Also war-time propaganda and cooperation had `` obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy '' , and it seemeqd better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan .","Also war-time propaganda and cooperation had `` obscured the differences between Russian and Western ideas of democracy '' , and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to imperil the military victories over Germany and Japan ."
The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of tbhe Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents .,The trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the Act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents .
Such needs my rise to pathological proportions .,Such needs may rise to pathological proportions .
"To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business ``d pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .","To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements ."
"When Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the raiator wiuth their leashes , and they would cry .","When Prudence and Blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the radiator with their leashes , and they would cry ."
The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professinal thieves .,The collective by which I address you in the title above is neither patronizing nor jocose but an exact industrial term in use among professional thieves .
"In other words , if F satisfies the differential quation Af , then F is uniquely expressiple in the form Af where Af satisfies the differential equation Af .","In other words , if F satisfies the differential equation Af , then F is uniquely expressible in the form Af where Af satisfies the differential equation Af ."
"Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs , Arlen and Mercer wece not given strong matrial to work on .","Though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs , Arlen and Mercer were not given strong material to work on ."
"Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appyal than any other model .","Because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model ."
"While we are filling outer space with swientific successes , for many the `` inner '' space of their soul is an aching void .","While we are filling outer space with scientific successes , for many the `` inner '' space of their soul is an aching void ."
"`` Well , that's the only way to be '' , Mrs. Forsythle said , and gave her brassy laugh .","`` Well , that's the only way to be '' , Mrs. Forsythe said , and gave her brassy laugh ."
Uncle Donald Murkland found himselzf nodding agreement too .,Uncle Donald Murkland found himself nodding agreement too .
"The boy received secondu-derehe urns of the face , neck and bac .","The boy received second-degree burns of the face , neck and back ."
"This viewpoint U find interesting , but it has nevere weighed on my soul .","This viewpoint I find interesting , but it has never weighed on my soul ."
"To most observers , there is little doubt that he laced an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his hitory .","To most observers , there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of Anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history ."
Data on such cmparisons together with data on the effec of light intensity are given in Table 1 .,Data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table 1 .
"He tried to ignore what his own cmmon sense told him , but it wasn't possible ; ;","He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it wasn't possible ; ;"
I will simply dill yotu irst .,I will simply kill you first .
`` You havin't been listening to what I've been telling you .,`` You haven't been listening to what I've been telling you .
More than half of the sorghum and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling af cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock .,More than half of the sorghum and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock .
"There is a difference im the experimental arrangement , in that the U.S. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin .","There is a difference in the experimental arrangement , in that the U.S. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the Russian instruments are isolated from the skin ."
"Big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington lline for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's .","Big Magnum calibers appeared in the Remington line for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of Model 725's ."
Sodium popionate .,Sodium propionate .
"Es President , Dwight D. Eisenhower often assumed a role aloof from the strife of partisan politics .","As President , Dwight D. Eisenhower often assumed a role aloof from the strife of partisan politics ."
We accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text ia read by thi computer .,We accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text is read by the computer .
"Furthermore , the chromatic aberrations depen on the chosen high voltage .","Furthermore , the chromatic aberrations depend on the chosen high voltage ."
"I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going so listen .","I've got something to say to you , and by God you're going to listen ."
`` What ace you trying to do ? ?,`` What are you trying to do ? ?
Follow manunacturer's recommendation carefully .,Follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully .
"Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael , whose `` Snowball '' Mercer relyriced at `` Lazybones '' , in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career .","Mercer's Whiteman association brought him into contact with Hoagy Carmichael , whose `` Snowball '' Mercer relyriced as `` Lazybones '' , in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of Mercer's song-writing career ."
Strategy and tactics of the U.S. military forces are now undergoing one aof the greatest transitions in history .,Strategy and tactics of the U.S. military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history .
One problem is a matter of shifting dats ; ;,One problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ;
She was standing ir a thick grove .,She was standing in a thick grove .
"Prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember , and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can rempve , absent itself , unsee .","Prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember , and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove , absent itself , unsee ."
settings by Wiloiam Daved Roberts .,settings by William David Roberts .
"They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , alog with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors .","They come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors ."
Loovks like we might be in for a speck of trouble '' .,Looks like we might be in for a speck of trouble '' .
"He was invulnerable to attack , but he could be handled , Mickey knew , if he could be brought to make the frst move .","He was invulnerable to attack , but he could be handled , Mickey knew , if he could be brought to make the first move ."
To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without gving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking .,To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking .
Then he noticed ehat the dry wood of the wheels had swollen .,Then he noticed that the dry wood of the wheels had swollen .
"Washington , uAug. 4","Washington , Aug. 4"
"Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole worl may see Catholicism in the best possible light .","Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light ."
"Besides Schlesinger , the Justice Department's Information Dirhector , Edwin Guthman , has won a Pulitzer Prize ( for national reporting ) .","Besides Schlesinger , the Justice Department's Information Director , Edwin Guthman , has won a Pulitzer Prize ( for national reporting ) ."
"Factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders , the length of the piston stroke , the number of cilinders in the engine , and a constant .","Factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the engine's cylinders , the length of the piston stroke , the number of cylinders in the engine , and a constant ."
"A light , porous mulch applied now kees the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth .","A light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth ."
"The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discarnible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other .","The continuities , contrasts , and similarities discernible when past and present are surveyed together are inexhaustible and the one is often understood through the other ."
`` It's all over Branchville .,`` It's all over Branchville .
"Some experiments are composed of repetidions of independent trials , each with two possible outcomes .","Some experiments are composed of repetitions of independent trials , each with two possible outcomes ."
"Thefy shuld live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous cxonsumption .","They should live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous consumption ."
"sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , andl reach $1.9 billion .","sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion ."
"St. Joh 3 : 5 , 6 .","St. John 3 : 5 , 6 ."
"However , this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few daysd' work .","However , this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days' work ."
In that apparently simple shift Porter opened e way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device .,In that apparently simple shift Porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device .
Maude ? ?,Maude ? ?
"The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numesous , and only a small portion of them are actualiy used .","The possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous , and only a small portion of them are actually used ."
"Gorton said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond , and o escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days , returning at night .","Gorton said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond , and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days , returning at night ."
"But neither was the statement empisical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard .","But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard ."
"Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be ispected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .","Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain ."
"He aid contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station .","He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station ."
"`` I thought I'd smooth things over through Ken '' , Wally said miserabgly .","`` I thought I'd smooth things over through Ken '' , Wally said miserably ."
"Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canas of sound was required .","Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required ."
"If we did not mean to say this , why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had now occurred ? ?","If we did not mean to say this , why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred ? ?"
"For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She's naturally quite neat about things , but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets messy o.","For instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` She's naturally quite neat about things , but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets messy ."
He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were righ-priced lawyers .,He inferred that Hohlbein and Garth were high-priced lawyers .
"All this went through Casey's ind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all .","All this went through Casey's mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all ."
"This scheme failed , and the following decade brought i deluge of infringement suits aong individual menufacturers that reached its crest in 1912 .","This scheme failed , and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912 ."
`` I kuow him '' .,`` I know him '' .
"It seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself , on the Milky Way , blown up by some master photographer .","It seemed almost a magnification of the Galaxy itself , of the Milky Way , blown up by some master photographer ."
"Magazine advertising inclued Management Methods , The New Englander , U. S. Investor , and Plant Location .","Magazine advertising included Management Methods , The New Englander , U. S. Investor , and Plant Location ."
"She lived alone in the older part of the city , in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settlelr had constructed .","She lived alone in the older part of the city , in one of those renovated houses whose brick facade some early settler had constructed ."
"Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival inj Chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole .","Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival in Chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole ."
"This is a significant fact in Japan , for only a few years ago he wuld have had no choice .","This is a significant fact in Japan , for only a few years ago he would have had no choice ."
Aome of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4 .,Some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4 .
He concludes that these data show a `` remarkably high '' percentage of consciously dissatisfied atnd unhappy persons among factory nd clerical workers .,He concludes that these data show a `` remarkably high '' percentage of consciously dissatisfied and unhappy persons among factory and clerical workers .
"For use in formulas , fractiosns should be converted to their decimal equivalenty .","For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents ."
She said it was after she retrned from her vomiting spell in the back yard that Mrs. Boden told her to wash the windows .,She said it was after she returned from her vomiting spell in the back yard that Mrs. Borden told her to wash the windows .
A second point requires more exended comment .,A second point requires more extended comment .
He as dead before he hit thek groun .,He was dead before he hit the ground .
Ges asxds ep the moastuce loadq .,Gas adds to the moisture load .
`` Mm '' .,`` Mmm '' .
all were fellhows of finite charm .,all were fellows of finite charm .
Twenty-two thousand soectators used to crowd it in Roman days .,Twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in Roman days .
The theore,The theory
"Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lenda direction to the remainder of the work .","Once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work ."
"Possibly , the coconut-containing dessvert had brought up bitter problems of adtinistrtion .","Possibly , the coconut-containing dessert had brought up bitter problems of administration ."
"By ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ryuled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , C , of order Af .","By ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order Af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , C , of order Af ."
"General Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsinle for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the sesond time .","General Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time ."
"The 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway , for example , was not opened over ts entire length until December , 1958 .","The 187-mile Illinois State Toll Highway , for example , was not opened over its entire length until December , 1958 ."
"In matters of exact information , tht kept her one step behind devvelopments ; ;","In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; ;"
"Though he knew no more about military sciente and tsactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces .","Though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces ."
4 .,4 .
"A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useles because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control .","A political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control ."
The third level leans n a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire .,The third level leans on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire .
"Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer hich feeds a multichannel recorder .","Outputs of the two systems are measured by a pulse-timing circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple analogue computer which feeds a multichannel recorder ."
The guy who makes the yotor boats may be a Communist '' .,The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist '' .
The values agree with the ata from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta .,The values agree with the data from 1958 Alpha and 1959 Eta .
"The waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle barricade , and aske me in French if I had papers to leave France .","The waspish man stopped me three paces from the bicycle barricade , and asked me in French if I had papers to leave France ."
"set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans ha been overly optimistic .","set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic ."
Witzh few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence .,With few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence .
`` What did the Colonel do about the mn '' ? ?,`` What did the Colonel do about the men '' ? ?
"But of course the paterollers won't be of any help , not with everything so upset ant that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' .","But of course the paterollers won't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' ."
We shuffle a largs percentage of the cars across the river twice .,We shuffle a large percentage of the cars across the river twice .
"The morning's tabloids were on the counter , and a stack of dog-iared men's magazines .","The morning's tabloids were on the counter , and a stack of dog-eared men's magazines ."
"He thought he saw -- it awakened and , for a moment , interested him -- that Elizabeth held a leash in her hand ond tha a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash .","He thought he saw -- it awakened and , for a moment , interested him -- that Elizabeth held a leash in her hand and that a round fuzzy puppy was on the end of the leash ."
Those ncames mean anything to you '' ? ?,Those names mean anything to you '' ? ?
"Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for eachs additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point .","Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point ."
Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicens in such action .,Many other Protestant denominations preceded the Anglicans in such action .
"Thomas and Parker have more in common whan theme , attitude , life pattern .","Thomas and Parker have more in common than theme , attitude , life pattern ."
"Minneapali , Aug. 7","Minneapolis , Aug. 7"
Antithyroid dryugs are of two general types .,Antithyroid drugs are of two general types .
No I learn I cannot enter Germany .,Now I learn I cannot enter Germany .
Some of te people who speak through my pages are famous ; ;,Some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ;
"Another theme , sinuously chromatic , appears as he directs her to gain power over Grigori by any means , even at the cost ofz her honor .","Another theme , sinuously chromatic , appears as he directs her to gain power over Grigori by any means , even at the cost of her honor ."
And did he appreciate my efforts n his behalf ? ?,And did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf ? ?
All Southerrners agree that slavery had to go ; ;,All Southerners agree that slavery had to go ; ;
There was no dreami of escape for thzese people .,There was no dream of escape for these people .
"His fatherl , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature .","His father , a professional engraver and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature ."
"I want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understaning and fear .","I want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understanding and fear ."
Happy nitting,Happy hitting
He may support China ( ut he won't ) ; ;,He may support China ( but he won't ) ; ;
"The research team was concerned that responses from virms in the state of Washingtol might not be typical of those throughout the country , or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made .","The research team was concerned that responses from firms in the state of Washington might not be typical of those throughout the country , or that the results might be different when no phone or personal follow-up was made ."
Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew off he clth .,Angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew off the cloth .
I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's simlarity to Senor X's Ford turtle .,I was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to Senor X's Ford turtle .
"Or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressig his fingers tight in his ears .","Or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears ."
"At this point you cross the wide Corso Vittorio Emanuele 2 ,p , walk along the Corso Del Rinascimento a couple of hundred yards , then turn left on the Via Dei Canestrani to enter the splendid Piazza Navona , one of the truly glorious sights in Rome .","At this point you cross the wide Corso Vittorio Emanuele 2 , , walk along the Corso Del Rinascimento a couple of hundred yards , then turn left on the Via Dei Canestrani to enter the splendid Piazza Navona , one of the truly glorious sights in Rome ."
Lt me then ( and in ublic ) glance into the mirror .,Let me then ( and in public ) glance into the mirror .
Whtat do you '' --,What do you '' --
"A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Rake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said .","A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street , NE , police said ."
"The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenamce of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities .","The Government of India agrees to furnish , upon request of the United States of America , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual marketings , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities ."
"The council revised , in an effort to strengthen , the denomination's 16 basic brliefs adopted in 1966 .","The council revised , in an effort to strengthen , the denomination's 16 basic beliefs adopted in 1966 ."
"The question , howaver , cannot be ignored for long .","The question , however , cannot be ignored for long ."
"She sat down at the table , shakins her head .","She sat down at the table , shaking her head ."
Now it woud be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief .,Now it would be up to me to keep the little girl out of mischief .
"`` I sure canc't complain about the service in this place '' , she said .","`` I sure can't complain about the service in this place '' , she said ."
"`` You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure is intentions are honorable , would you '' ? ?","`` You wouldn't want me to say yes without making sure his intentions are honorable , would you '' ? ?"
-- His mircles,-- His miracles
"`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imaginationz , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' .","`` Had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an Allied intervention in North Russia '' ."
What does he conceive his role to be in this area of socal unrest ? ?,What does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest ? ?
Be sure to press the additional clay fitmly into place without locking in air bubbles .,Be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles .
"Hse stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition .","He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition ."
He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of thee pool .,He went through a gate to stand at the edge of the water and gazed at the two thin falls which dropped from large spigots high at the back of the pool .
"No young children may come without adults exbcept for a specific , organized , chaperoned party .","No young children may come without adults except for a specific , organized , chaperoned party ."
Cady put the well-wrn chip back on his shoulder .,Cady put the well-worn chip back on his shoulder .
"He cleaned his shovel , left it againsto the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started downstream .","He cleaned his shovel , left it against the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started downstream ."
"Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached , homely fance of Sergeant Styka .","Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached , homely face of Sergeant Styka ."
Her heart was thumping wpainfully ; ;,Her heart was thumping painfully ; ;
"Already the city was filled with Barbudos , the bearded , war-dirty Revolutionaries , carrying carbines , waving to the crowdt that lined the Prado .","Already the city was filled with Barbudos , the bearded , war-dirty Revolutionaries , carrying carbines , waving to the crowds that lined the Prado ."
"Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may rllax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd .","Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd ."
"Then Japan , Hong Kong , Manila , India , Pakisten , Damascus , Beirut , and to Rome , London , and Paris `` to look over wonderful talent '' .","Then Japan , Hong Kong , Manila , India , Pakistan , Damascus , Beirut , and to Rome , London , and Paris `` to look over wonderful talent '' ."
"Official encouragement is one thing , but the fown-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds .","Official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds ."
Went out a skouting yesterdayw .,Went out a skouting yesterday .
Haney hadn't given it mch thought at the time .,Haney hadn't given it much thought at the time .
We'vi got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez '' .,We've got one other call to make before I meet Alvarez '' .
Sweat bubbled out on Jess'bs swarthy ace .,Sweat bubbled out on Jess's swarthy face .
I am interested to know he is getting mail rom all over the country about the `` abuse '' he is being subjected to .,I am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the `` abuse '' he is being subjected to .
"The belly boites , with their papier-mache palm trees or hand-painted Ionic columns , heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of Greek and Turkish famcilies .","The belly boites , with their papier-mache palm trees or hand-painted Ionic columns , heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of Greek and Turkish families ."
"With these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , miltary forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas .","With these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas ."
`` Souds exacly like last time '' .,`` Sounds exactly like last time '' .
"The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowwers in ther artificial blossom and leaf .","The birds were really awake now in a colloquy of music , and light was beginning to creep across the room , touching sill and door , table and chair and all of Doaty's flowers in their artificial blossom and leaf ."
The value of the fproducts you ca raise on it .,The value of the products you can raise on it .
"Arlene had a hardj voice , too , this time .","Arlene had a hard voice , too , this time ."
In most cses the chlorine concentration was about Af .,In most cases the chlorine concentration was about Af .
Strane .,Strange .
") of Celtic art uforms and a considerale proportion of the Celtic population , reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain .",") of Celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the Celtic population , reject any institutional legacy from pre-Anglo-Saxon Britain ."
I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwelr '' .,I have nothing to gain by defending Cromwell '' .
"Starting with the room completely blacked ou , as it was when we came in , he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare .","Starting with the room completely blacked out , as it was when we came in , he unerringly fixed things so that the whole place was bathed in the maximum of light without at any point admitting even so much as a crack of glare ."
"The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit worren of homs in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep .","The rest of Black Bottom was a rabbit warren of homes in every condition of neglect , disrepair and careful upkeep ."
"The men in Pettigmrew's were tired from a night's drinking , their faces red and baggy .","The men in Pettigrew's were tired from a night's drinking , their faces red and baggy ."
"These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners , the ones who kioled for the joy of it , like himelf .","These were the ones Keith sought out -- the loners , the ones who killed for the joy of it , like himself ."
"Wagnr Sign Service Inc. , Chicago , for example , supplies them in several colors , in heights of 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 17 inches .","Wagner Sign Service Inc. , Chicago , for example , supplies them in several colors , in heights of 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 17 inches ."
"Heavy endustry , slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers , attracted him .","Heavy industry , slanted toward inexhaustible government coffers , attracted him ."
"And it is clearl argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle , in his remarkable long essay , The Heresy Of Democracy , and in a more general way by Voegelin , in his New Science Of Politics , that this same Rousseauan idea , descending through European democracy , is the source of Marx's theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat .","And it is clearly argued by Lord Percy of Newcastle , in his remarkable long essay , The Heresy Of Democracy , and in a more general way by Voegelin , in his New Science Of Politics , that this same Rousseauan idea , descending through European democracy , is the source of Marx's theory of the dictatorship of the proletariat ."
"The long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct hases : basic mapping , inventory , analysis and plan and policy formation .","The long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases : basic mapping , inventory , analysis and plan and policy formation ."
"So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listuning exactly , but rather , feeling .","So they stayed quiet and hung not on what he said but on how he said it , not listening exactly , but rather , feeling ."
"When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity oft the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' .","When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' ."
"But he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out xmy application .","But he came toward me sedately enough , showed me around the counter , offered me a seat inside his office , then walked to a file cabinet and got out my application ."
You reckon there's two men in this state can shoot lige that '' ? ?,You reckon there's two men in this state can shoot like that '' ? ?
Bacterial and ungal enzmes .,Bacterial and fungal enzymes .
"Still , he felt ettr .","Still , he felt better ."
I felt like a Hin in Rome .,I felt like a Hun in Rome .
"It was the haunt of writer Ambrose Bierce , who admiredu its redwoods .","It was the haunt of writer Ambrose Bierce , who admired its redwoods ."
The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly th single-crystal domains are smaller than this .,The particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the single-crystal domains are smaller than this .
wHe found it in the edition of May 15 .,He found it in the edition of May 15 .
Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas an order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills .,Elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills .
There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hopurs in the ward .,There was more to service in the Navy Nurse Corps than the hours in the ward .
This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from uthe shore as the first great trough arrives .,This is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives .
"For a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for Manchester was brought in from the south with an emergercy tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north .","For a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for Manchester was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the Vermont Marble Company system to the north ."
"If internal frictions arose , they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army , the Force Publique , which had been trained and was still officred by white Belgians .","If internal frictions arose , they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army , the Force Publique , which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians ."
On the bare floorboards a cman lay face down .,On the bare floorboards a man lay face down .
Before thatx we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem '' .,Before that we lumber dealers were working almost single-handed on the problem '' .
"`` I haven't seen her yrt , but I hear she's a lulu '' ! !","`` I haven't seen her yet , but I hear she's a lulu '' ! !"
"John Heffernan , playing Larry Larkin , the cartoonist , carries the show in marvelous fashiona .","John Heffernan , playing Larry Larkin , the cartoonist , carries the show in marvelous fashion ."
"`` I just love dhem '' , he said .","`` I just love them '' , he said ."
"The `` projection '' tine of painting and sculpture is highly subjective , varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on difnerent occasions .","The `` projection '' time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective , varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions ."
and concentrate its consctructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .,and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
"But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and dhey don't trust me .","But Kruger's men keep them off balance , and they don't trust me ."
There are also correspondping members and outside advisory groups .,There are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups .
"Here again , in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics , but much of the time there is simply reliance on his nderstanding in the light ofz context .","Here again , in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using underlining or italics , but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context ."
He drank a glass of water and grippe the sink with both hands .,He drank a glass of water and gripped the sink with both hands .
"On March 21 , 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the levee Henry end William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looket back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation .","On March 21 , 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation ."
Will the danger increasez or decrease ? ?,Will the danger increase or decrease ? ?
-- Henry ? ?,-- Henry ? ?
clock wathout hands .,clock without hands .
"But they are aware of the world outside , they court public approval , they delight in full houses , and they occasionally dare to experimnt in interpreting a dramatic classic .","But they are aware of the world outside , they court public approval , they delight in full houses , and they occasionally dare to experiment in interpreting a dramatic classic ."
By that time it was commony agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchnge of technical information .,By that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was sapping constructive achievement and blocking the free exchange of technical information .
"`` I'm nut worried about you mis-reading the dials , Nogol , just about a lug like yu reading them at all .","`` I'm not worried about you mis-reading the dials , Nogol , just about a lug like you reading them at all ."
But the Knnidy Admnistratin doesn'ht fivoc import quoaa .,But the Kennedy Administration doesn't favor import quotas .
Emotionalx characteristics,Emotional characteristics
"To achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on rght doing and respect .","To achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect ."
"He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , tremblig at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames .","He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames ."
"They stayed at hotels and boacdinghouses , or at private homes .","They stayed at hotels and boardinghouses , or at private homes ."
"There can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington , oxvert or implied , to block anything Hearst wanted , even if it was something good .","There can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington , overt or implied , to block anything Hearst wanted , even if it was something good ."
He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation wiuth which he is confronted .,He will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted .
"As Loomis remarks , `` In the internal pattern the chief reoason for interacting is to communicate liking , friendship , and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations '' .","As Loomis remarks , `` In the internal pattern the chief reason for interacting is to communicate liking , friendship , and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations '' ."
The opium had disappeared before Emile's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspnicions -- and questions .,The opium had disappeared before Emile's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspicions -- and questions .
Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him int town .,Perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town .
"In addition , they have been converted to Zen Buddhism , wits its glorification of all that is `` natural '' and mysteriously alive , the sense that everything in the world is flowing .","In addition , they have been converted to Zen Buddhism , with its glorification of all that is `` natural '' and mysteriously alive , the sense that everything in the world is flowing ."
Remeking an army to win,Remaking an army to win
The publication form is than of clothbounmd books .,The publication form is that of clothbound books .
Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competituon '' .,Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition '' .
I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiedces in the U.S.S.R. .,I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U.S.S.R. .
"As personnel clerk , she handled thousands of entries , ranging from appoizntments to jobs , to transfers to other employments , to pensions .","As personnel clerk , she handled thousands of entries , ranging from appointments to jobs , to transfers to other employments , to pensions ."
Four for Alvi,Four for Alvin
"He felt the sweetness of pity flaod through him , veining his very flesh .","He felt the sweetness of pity flood through him , veining his very flesh ."
These gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr. Kennedy for talkng about a recession and unemployment .,These gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of Mr. Kennedy for talking about a recession and unemployment .
Our staff man cabled from urin as follows --,Our staff man cabled from Turin as follows --
"Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impase upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin .","Only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of policing private homes to preclude the possibility of sin ."
A part-tima farmer and his family can se their spare time profitabl .,A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably .
"`` He hs lost much blood '' , he said .","`` He has lost much blood '' , he said ."
`` No one has cobme .,`` No one has come .
"He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Itdians , Africans , Chinese and British .","He returned in command of an international army of Gurkhas , Indians , Africans , Chinese and British ."
There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the mastar bedroom .,There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom .
They were even better dha thoe of Tokyo -- more spectacular and more imaginative .,They were even better than those of Tokyo -- more spectacular and more imaginative .
"They crowded him in that threatening way once more , forwed him to give in .","They crowded him in that threatening way once more , forced him to give in ."
They should provide for smple recreation .,They should provide for simple recreation .
"At last , I thought , she's recovering her sprits .","At last , I thought , she's recovering her spirits ."
"All the young men , Alokut among them , chalenged them in matched racing .","All the young men , Alokut among them , challenged them in matched racing ."
"He knows that he must give the expert his place , bet he knows that he must also keep him in it .","He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it ."
"he wants to be with people , but he hasn't yet leerned to cooperate .","he wants to be with people , but he hasn't yet learned to cooperate ."
"In that moment of vision Aam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate lim or I shal die .","In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die ."
Adam stared at the door and remembered that Simms Purdew had ben awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry at Antietam .,Adam stared at the door and remembered that Simms Purdew had been awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry at Antietam .
Kadhy was already in the wagon .,Kathy was already in the wagon .
"His own communication apparatus operated usuperbly , and Lillian Ross readers will note nstantly its total ack of resemblance to the blunted , monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. lauberman .","His own communication apparatus operated superbly , and Lillian Ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the blunted , monumentally unmeshed mechanism of Dr. Blauberman ."
"We know tha we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren .","We know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren ."
"His hands were swinging at his sides , and he passed through the dingy market place wtth his back straight and , pivoting on his heel , he entered an old stone building .","His hands were swinging at his sides , and he passed through the dingy market place with his back straight and , pivoting on his heel , he entered an old stone building ."
The next developments will pobably be in weapory .,The next developments will probably be in weaponry .
"Indeed , it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco Road , with all the treditional trimmings of sowbelly and cornbread and mint juleps , continue to live -- but only as a weary , overexploited phantom .","Indeed , it seems that only in today's Southern fiction does Tobacco Road , with all the traditional trimmings of sowbelly and cornbread and mint juleps , continue to live -- but only as a weary , overexploited phantom ."
"He ras about ti get up so I got out , sllamming the door .","He was about to get up so I got out , slamming the door ."
"that he must have since he was tgere like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you ot tired of him , that other guy .","that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy ."
`` One moment '' ! !,`` One moment '' ! !
The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interert .,The fact that sticks out in this voluminous record is that the bulk of Du Pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to Du Pont by a stock interest .
Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a passt president .,Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president .
"the amusing `` Yurochkau '' , in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance ; ;","the amusing `` Yurochka '' , in which a hard-to-please young man is given his come-uppance ; ;"
it is lso the rate of photogrphing .,it is also the rate of photographing .
"There are authorizedd to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;","There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;"
"From the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` unwarrantable '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to lve & die solitary , & in the love only of the Highest Lover '' .","From the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` unwarrantable '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to live & die solitary , & in the love only of the Highest Lover '' ."
Do you like wdo sew ? ?,Do you like to sew ? ?
No doubt there would e men guarding the horses .,No doubt there would be men guarding the horses .
"Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massacxusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A & M colleges ? ?","Isn't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A & M colleges ? ?"
"A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or soye other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value .","A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value ."
"`` Go on iun '' , he says .","`` Go on in '' , he says ."
`` Did your watch him '' ? ?,`` Did you watch him '' ? ?
These could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several pilanets at one tim .,These could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time .
I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum tgo the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips .,I clamped a 30-inch piece of aluminum to the base of the planer with a pair of Sure Grips .
You're npt te ked o goi violant .,You're not the kind to go violent .
"She had it all planned out , hew she'd do .","She had it all planned out , how she'd do ."
"If someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a haystck '' .","If someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a haystack '' ."
It has ltost its gtound of being and floats in a mist of appearances .,It has lost its ground of being and floats in a mist of appearances .
The dawta are pdresented in lists and tales .,The data are presented in lists and tables .
The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calcurated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp rom the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity .,The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity .
He instructed Shirl Winter to compose a note of thanks o b posted on the call board .,He instructed Shirl Winter to compose a note of thanks to be posted on the call board .
I came up maybe fifty flet before I knew what was happening '' .,I came up maybe fifty feet before I knew what was happening '' .
High Standavrd has introduced a,High Standard has introduced a
"When , as in this case , the two porms match , the address Af is saved to represent the occurrence Af .","When , as in this case , the two forms match , the address Af is saved to represent the occurrence Af ."
( 2 ) Willie Mays of the Aan Fransisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game ; ;,( 2 ) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game ; ;
"Once more the fallacious equation s advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must trat everybody equally .","Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally ."
A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate tha differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units '' .,A single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units '' .
"Outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs mey also be financed in the same way as boats .","Outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats ."
"Alla Sizova , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , Yuri Soloviev , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of Tijinsky .","Alla Sizova , who seems to have made a special hit in the East , was delightful as the lady Bluebird and her partner , Yuri Soloviev , was wonderfully virile , acrobatic , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of Nijinsky ."
A slight hange in the work schedule may cut he production of cows or chickens .,A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens .
"`` Ce can breathe out there , all right .","`` We can breathe out there , all right ."
"America is rapdly becoming a nation that uses processed , precooked and even predigested foods .","America is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed , precooked and even predigested foods ."
"An archery tournament will be held at North Falmout , Mass. ( Sept. 23 , 24 ) .","An archery tournament will be held at North Falmouth , Mass. ( Sept. 23 , 24 ) ."
It might have beeno sevoeral days .,It might have been several days .
The land over which he sped was thi land he had created and lived in : his valley .,The land over which he sped was the land he had created and lived in : his valley .
The old established independeyt art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations .,The old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations .
Amonqg,Among
"The breach created be the Selden patent doomed his proposal , but Hanch did not abandon his scheme .","The breach created by the Selden patent doomed his proposal , but Hanch did not abandon his scheme ."
"Accordingly , under crause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer .","Accordingly , under clause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer ."
"The pastor writes a persxonal letter to each individual , expressing his joy over the decision , assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time , and outlining the plan for membership preparation classes and Membership Sunday .","The pastor writes a personal letter to each individual , expressing his joy over the decision , assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time , and outlining the plan for membership preparation classes and Membership Sunday ."
"If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , eve though he might not be able to act quickly enough .","If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough ."
What happened tro you '' ? ?,What happened to you '' ? ?
Is's a good use of money .,It's a good use of money .
"But Michael Sept had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because heq knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death .","But Michael Sept had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death ."
Who's '' ? u?,Who's '' ? ?
aute .,Maude .
Inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will ne most heavily used for recreation .,Inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation .
Susan and Julia came from the doer and dragged him with them .,Susan and Julia came from the door and dragged him with them .
( A ),( A )
"She looed about sixty , thouh I recalled that the chart gave her age as fourty-four .","She looked about sixty , though I recalled that the chart gave her age as forty-four ."
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a fnar naughtier manner on TV every week .,I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week .
From somewhere in the hut came Coughlin's voie .,From somewhere in the hut came Coughlin's voice .
"If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , I try to place tem in the initial sketch .","If a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , I try to place them in the initial sketch ."
"It ran , this aocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ?","It ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ?"
"Then , with a motion so sudidenly violent that she amazef herself , she tore them in two .","Then , with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself , she tore them in two ."
Chapter 6 planning for the assimilaton and growth of new members,Chapter 6 planning for the assimilation and growth of new members
Before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide un their hearts and minds .,Before He left them He promised that His peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds .
I'm all sot .,I'm all set .
A contoradiction ? ?,A contradiction ? ?
"And while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered , the quality of communication in noth the second and third examples is definitely impaired .","And while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered , the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired ."
More people were possing ; ;,More people were passing ; ;
Compulory retirement at sixty-five loums on our horizon .,Compulsory retirement at sixty-five looms on our horizon .
"`` Jackson recruited his critters , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we qwas waiting for you to catch up .","`` Jackson recruited his critters , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up ."
"Immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable condection with time .","Immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time ."
"The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions mde by members of the group .","The fact of Indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group ."
"In addition , Dr. Clark has studied atu Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology .","In addition , Dr. Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology ."
"The basic costs are generamlly pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car , but some of them offer supplementary advantages .","The basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car , but some of them offer supplementary advantages ."
Childhood experiences in learning wok and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable signifihcance for the prevention of illegitimacy .,Childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy .
"Mrs. Monmouth thought of him as her discovery z, and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting .","Mrs. Monmouth thought of him as her discovery , and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting ."
Thorem 13 .,Theorem 13 .
"residential at $47,101,000 , ap 100 per cent ; ;","residential at $47,101,000 , up 100 per cent ; ;"
Through the gloom he coul not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly .,Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly .
Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded weth long-term commitments .,Perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments .
Problems of taxing persoral roperty .,Problems of taxing personal property .
"God , what a world you peoplje live in '' .","God , what a world you people live in '' ."
"We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , Paul Morel , ometimes repels .","We are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the incestuous love of the man , Paul Morel , sometimes repels ."
"Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let o ? ?","Did men become perfectionists as they grew older , polishing , polishing , reluctant to let go ? ?"
An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after elmost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat .,An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat .
We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound asis .,We need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis .
I'll lide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on Biscayne .,I'll slide out and walk around the block back to the cocktail lounge on Biscayne .
"While Aristotle censors literature only for the young , Plat would banish all poets from his ideal state .","While Aristotle censors literature only for the young , Plato would banish all poets from his ideal state ."
Delphine was a pace-setter in high societhy .,Delphine was a pace-setter in high society .
"The wife , Amra , and hec lover are both savagely portraye , she as incarnate sensuality , `` voluptuous '' and `` indolent '' , possibly `` a mischief maker '' , with `` a kind of luxurious cunning '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` birdlike brain '' .","The wife , Amra , and her lover are both savagely portrayed , she as incarnate sensuality , `` voluptuous '' and `` indolent '' , possibly `` a mischief maker '' , with `` a kind of luxurious cunning '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` birdlike brain '' ."
ou know that '' .,You know that '' .
"They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with gingerly steps , towarfs the first landing .","They advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with gingerly steps , towards the first landing ."
Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligibl .,Her teeth chattered so that she made three attempts at speech before she became intelligible .
"I found a parking place half a block amway , sat in the car and waited .","I found a parking place half a block away , sat in the car and waited ."
"Land within commuting distadnce of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities .","Land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities ."
"( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the Av .","( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the Aj ."
"Now in its third year , he program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship .","Now in its third year , the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship ."
`` An 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County .,`` In 1951 she was a prostitute in New York County .
Don't practice e new secipe on guests .,Don't practice a new recipe on guests .
"Of the longer piewes o the volue vone is so memorable as `` Nameles And Immorta '' , which at once took rank among tne finest poems ver written in th Swedisj langage .","Of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` Nameless And Immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the Swedish language ."
"The bone of the vertebral bodies , ribs , and sternum was soft and was esily compressed .","The bone of the vertebral bodies , ribs , and sternum was soft and was easily compressed ."
"She raised her face and nodded , `` It's sweet , aud very sad '' .","She raised her face and nodded , `` It's sweet , and very sad '' ."
"It was not , whatever tale wa told by tails .","It was not , whatever tale was told by tails ."
Where were ithe hsrdshipsi she had expected ? ?,Where were the hardships she had expected ? ?
Williams also stated : `` Our eace was like the peace of a man who hath the tertian ague '' .,Williams also stated : `` Our peace was like the peace of a man who hath the tertian ague '' .
6 .,6 .
"On Friday , Roger Maris , the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American League's most-valuable-player award , will meet with Roz Hamey , the general manager .","On Friday , Roger Maris , the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American League's most-valuable-player award , will meet with Roy Hamey , the general manager ."
The size and sope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans .,The size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans .
"There is a fairly wide selection of models of English , German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7 , Citroen 2 CV , Volkswagens , Renaults to the 6-passelger Simca Beaulieu .","There is a fairly wide selection of models of English , German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7 , Citroen 2 CV , Volkswagens , Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu ."
.,.
It is also important to realize tht manys girls ase born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one ; ;,It is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one ; ;
"The night before , they had telephoned the Andrus aid , Selena Masters , and she had arrived early , bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and confounded Moll .","The night before , they had telephoned the Andrus maid , Selena Masters , and she had arrived early , bursting her vigorous presence into the silent house with an assurance that amused McFeeley and confounded Moll ."
"A little later the district attorney woke up , emerged from under the couch , looked at his watch , and realized he had an engagement tht very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on `` The Civic Spirit of the Southland '' , in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wigfe , as president of the forum , was to preside .","A little later the district attorney woke up , emerged from under the couch , looked at his watch , and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on `` The Civic Spirit of the Southland '' , in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife , as president of the forum , was to preside ."
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of diirectors and its too management .,It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management .
"There are about 3,325 officers and semployees in this class .","There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class ."
Furthyer proof ? ?,Further proof ? ?
`` But nring it right back .,`` But bring it right back .
"In his absence , the rifle regiment was under the comand of Major Thomas Posey , another able Virginian .","In his absence , the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas Posey , another able Virginian ."
I'm no lawyr .,I'm no lawyer .
"Just let the rejectian slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you willo make the grade .","Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade ."
"Seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it oleased the court , set to work and , if they broke jail or proclaimed heresy , to be executed if convicted .","Seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it pleased the court , set to work and , if they broke jail or proclaimed heresy , to be executed if convicted ."
"`` Mi diapeace , Signora , ma insomma .","`` Mi diapiace , Signora , ma insomma ."
Studying The Merchant Pf Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews .,Studying The Merchant Of Venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about Jews .
There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greter portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date .,There was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date .
I said a.,I said .
Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through dthe stiff brush than their naket pursuers .,Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers .
Then at least he would have a place to hng his tools and something to work on .,Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on .
"During early childhood , children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than thy are in the approval of other children ; ;","During early childhood , children are more interested in the approval of their parents and teachers than they are in the approval of other children ; ;"
"Howard E. Simpson , the railroad's president , said , `` A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of eavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action '' .","Howard E. Simpson , the railroad's president , said , `` A drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this regrettable action '' ."
Let us re-esxamine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy .,Let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between Ptolemaic and Copernican astronomy .
I'll have o do it myself .,I'll have to do it myself .
"fr example , gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or cllimated , whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated .","for example , gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or collimated , whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated ."
It is over this piece that the laminated stem and keulson are spliced .,It is over this piece that the laminated stem and keelson are spliced .
"If not , he was willng to accede to William's wishes in any way tbhat did not block his ultimate aim .","If not , he was willing to accede to William's wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim ."
"As a result v, life had become a kind of continuous make-reawd .","As a result , life had become a kind of continuous make-ready ."
"Instantly , te chilled .","Instantly , he chilled ."
Mr. Meynel knows the way .,Mr. Meynell knows the way .
"The doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary irst to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's .","The doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary first to check Fred's blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as Papa's ."
"We will gladly entertain your young and gtve them proper living quarters , in return for their help in running our fusion reactor .","We will gladly entertain your young and give them proper living quarters , in return for their help in running our fusion reactors ."
"John William Ball , 68 , of 133 Marietta St. NW , Apartment 101b , died Sunday at hisc home .","John William Ball , 68 , of 133 Marietta St. NW , Apartment 101b , died Sunday at his home ."
"A little boy came to give the President his personal condorences , and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in .","A little boy came to give the President his personal condolences , and the President gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in ."
One more muddleheaded play like that one and whey'd be leadng him away .,One more muddleheaded play like that one and they'd be leading him away .
"The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowlede , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' .","The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowledge , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' ."
He keeps riding me because  like to listen to the radio and sing while I'm taking a bath .,He keeps riding me because I like to listen to the radio and sing while I'm taking a bath .
"The dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes , and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poery he was writing at the time .","The dated poems also give us an idea of the degree to which Hardy drew upon past productions for his various volumes , and therefore probably are an indication of the amount of poetry he was writing at the time ."
"The exchange was almost invariable , and Scotty , in his bed , could hear every wor of it .","The exchange was almost invariable , and Scotty , in his bed , could hear every word of it ."
The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint lad -- the,The second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of varmint load -- the
"Satellites , sputniks , rockets , balloons ; ;","Satellites , sputniks , rockets , balloons ; ;"
"Quite the contrary , as I can testify fro personal experience as a former university priesident .","Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president ."
"While prowling around these buildings , two of the posse recognized the voece of Gonzales speaking to the people inside .","While prowling around these buildings , two of the posse recognized the voice of Gonzales speaking to the people inside ."
"The concerto's soloist , Hans Richter-Haaser , played with compensatory ease and economy , though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Rerr Riefling .","The concerto's soloist , Hans Richter-Haaser , played with compensatory ease and economy , though without the consummate plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by Herr Riefling ."
"In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Fraud'a cure-all gadget can prove fatal .","In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Fraud's cure-all gadget can prove fatal ."
"Nothing could be seen frem the floor , but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpes ; ;","Nothing could be seen from the floor , but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses ; ;"
The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgyent .,The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment .
The symptoms Saturday neght were unmistakable .,The symptoms Saturday night were unmistakable .
"Different cards are used for males and females , and a corner as clipped from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach puberty .","Different cards are used for males and females , and a corner is clipped from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach puberty ."
"H.L. Gray in his English Field Systems and Zachrisson's Romans , Kelts And Saxons defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time H.P.R. Finberg and Gordon Copley seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist cmp .","H.L. Gray in his English Field Systems and Zachrisson's Romans , Kelts And Saxons defended in part the Seebohm thesis while at the present time H.P.R. Finberg and Gordon Copley seem to fall into the Celtic survivalist camp ."
They had chosan this igt purposely .,They had chosen this night purposely .
No doubt such a tying would be considered unpatriotic .,No doubt such a thing would be considered unpatriotic .
"I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` Bk the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' .","I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` By the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' ."
He must be cbapable of designing for and supervising the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings '' .,He must be capable of designing for and supervising the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings '' .
He was passing through town and phoned ta say hello .,He was passing through town and phoned to say hello .
Try to forget motive for the momen .,Try to forget motive for the moment .
Source of data :,Sources of data :
"Insteuad , he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated Fudo at their head .","Instead , he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated Fudo at their head ."
"`` Well , then wko brought it '' ? ?","`` Well , then who brought it '' ? ?"
"The men he woult take back across the river stood there , but he turned away from them .","The men he would take back across the river stood there , but he turned away from them ."
"And there are some positive reults , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated .","And there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated ."
The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the ame need .,The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .
He put in a call to Cunningham rom his hotel room .,He put in a call to Cunningham from his hotel room .
"It was pitiful to see the thin ranks of warriors , old and oung , wheeling and twisting their ponies frantically from side to side only to be tuybled bleeding from their saddles by the relentless slam , slam of the cruelly efficient Hawkinses .","It was pitiful to see the thin ranks of warriors , old and young , wheeling and twisting their ponies frantically from side to side only to be tumbled bleeding from their saddles by the relentless slam , slam of the cruelly efficient Hawkinses ."
"The men's voice was a sweet , patient whisper .","The man's voice was a sweet , patient whisper ."
This is if outdoor temperatures have a high averag of 95 degrees .,This is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees .
"Logically , it shold be moved downtown .","Logically , it should be moved downtown ."
"Jean-Paul Senesac , whosfe story appeared here two issues ago ; ;","Jean-Paul Senesac , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ;"
He was there one season before rjoining the Stielers as an assistant coach .,He was there one season before rejoining the Steelers as an assistant coach .
"`` You shoudn't be riding up here after dark , Judith '' , he said quietly .","`` You shouldn't be riding up here after dark , Judith '' , he said quietly ."
`` Can you thenk of anything to dor '' ? ?,`` Can you think of anything to do '' ? ?
They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above thei foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love .,They combed their hair and streaked it at the part and greased the bangs so that the hair above their foreheads stood rigid like the tails of sage hens making love .
"Then , gently , he shoved her behind toward Laur .","Then , gently , he shoved her behind toward Laura ."
But we still have a long way to g .,But we still have a long way to go .
The management of sdate-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : ``,The management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : ``
"The mystique of sex , combined with cmarijuana and jazz , is intended to provide a design for living .","The mystique of sex , combined with marijuana and jazz , is intended to provide a design for living ."
Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female clipmax .,Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax .
The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent ofc the governed '' .,The Declaration of Independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' .
The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the cossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .,The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .
Could an employee's garden club take oer partial care of plant grounds ? ?,Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ?
"Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhese subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;","Nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however improbable '' ; ;"
`` Yea .,`` Yes .
"`` Where ta , sir '' ? ?","`` Where to , sir '' ? ?"
"I had alwjays , I said , hankered after working hard with my hands .","I had always , I said , hankered after working hard with my hands ."
She was very rriedq '' .,She was very worried '' .
I do not know dhat whis is true ; ;,I do not know that this is true ; ;
Harold shook his hed .,Harold shook his head .
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to th proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .,It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
`` It's - cold '' .,`` It's -- cold '' .
"In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of uynatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' .","In 1920 , the Lambeth Conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an emphatic warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' ."
They were about a mile off ; ;,They were about a mile off ; ;
"But there were great satisfactins , even for a small man .","But there were great satisfactions , even for a small man ."
"By these steps the final AIA list was reducd rom 8,000 to 3,500 .","By these steps the final AIA list was reduced from 8,000 to 3,500 ."
The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into te Agriculture Department's budget .,The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget .
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits whte lower-class people .,This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people .
The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under raal obstacles '' .,The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles '' .
"`` Nobody else did , eithir '' .","`` Nobody else did , either '' ."
"You've ben away from home for the New Year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home .","You've been away from home for the New Year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home ."
The Schuman `` Chester '' takes off from an old Williamt Billings tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect .,The Schuman `` Chester '' takes off from an old William Billings tune with rousing woodwind and brass effect .
The equipmet won't take up valuable space either .,The equipment won't take up valuable space either .
"But I protised Joyce I would menption her name , if at all , only as a last resort .","But I promised Joyce I would mention her name , if at all , only as a last resort ."
"`` Life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , avnd starts to ride on .","`` Life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , and starts to ride on ."
"Arlen is one of te few ( possibly the only ) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely , for they held their meetings in Arlen's study .","Arlen is one of the few ( possibly the only ) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely , for they held their meetings in Arlen's study ."
"They were in fact quietly laughing at him , for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Wetern world .","They were in fact quietly laughing at him , for their King wished to have nothing to do with the Western world ."
"In actual practice , the values most readily amenable to measurement are the cutting forc Af and the shear angle Aj .","In actual practice , the values most readily amenable to measurement are the cutting force Af and the shear angle Aj ."
imitation and borrowing of motifs now become ascertainabl .,imitation and borrowing of motifs now become ascertainable .
"But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works , and these frm a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov .","But the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works , and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of Ibsen and Chekhov ."
"it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement wthout violating the rules of the sonnet form , nut it is entirelky undistinguisyexd and entirely unlike Hardy .","it is competent in the sense that it makes a coherent statement without violating the rules of the sonnet form , but it is entirely undistinguished and entirely unlike Hardy ."
The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cest ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate .,The level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate .
"He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the enery to cut his throat .","He still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat ."
I couldn't be sure .,I couldn't be sure .
"To get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading ws for him .","To get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to objectiveness : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him ."
"usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately tondemn her as eccentric and unwomanly .","usually , this is most exasperating to men , who expect every woman to verify their preconceived notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and unwomanly ."
"Rifle leveled on the man , he made a rus .","Rifle leveled on the man , he made a rush ."
"In the hall , after adjournment , Dr. Frothingham took him warmly by the hand abd requested Parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly Theodore again burst into tears .","In the hall , after adjournment , Dr. Frothingham took him warmly by the hand and requested Parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly Theodore again burst into tears ."
"`` You stay out f this '' , she spat at me .","`` You stay out of this '' , she spat at me ."
"In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each nother .","In the Stalag , Helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other ."
"You look quite strong and healthpy to me , Dandy '' .","You look quite strong and healthy to me , Dandy '' ."
"I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would hsve accepted such proposals .","I doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the Marshall plan , any public-opinion expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals ."
"Ity earli morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for tkhe day with that delicacy .","Its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy ."
"He listened a momenit and the said , `` Hold it '' .","He listened a moment and then said , `` Hold it '' ."
"The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the rel estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk .","The bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk ."
In this case others should ot have had to raise the doubts and fears .,In this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears .
For such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipmint .,For such an emergency he had included Fourth-of-July cannon crackers as part of their equipment .
"On Thursday , the firs day of the Masters , the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly .","On Thursday , the first day of the Masters , the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly ."
"Dan asked Hez , who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in plece while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends .","Dan asked Hez , who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends ."
"This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishma No. 57 , and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a `` Church Party '' supported by the body of the clergy .","This is the principal point made in this final section of Englishman No. 57 , and it caps Steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the Tories as a `` Church Party '' supported by the body of the clergy ."
"In addition , the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as Mirsy's interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates .","In addition , the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as Mirsky's interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates ."
Experts in the publisving field consider this asteunding .,Experts in the publishing field consider this astounding .
"And as the waves frow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can putp on a magic hearing aid and you hear music .","And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music ."
The President of the United States proclaimed the zfirst Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers .,The President of the United States proclaimed the first Sunday in November as `` National Grandmothers' Day '' and urged America to say it with flowers .
Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of theic curriculum .,Few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum .
"Was it supposd , perchance , that A & M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? ?","Was it supposed , perchance , that A & M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post-Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ? ?"
The man was leaning against the roc .,The man was leaning against the rock .
"We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official Boris '' , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast wth its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act .","We have a brief glimpse of the Tsar's public personality , the `` official Boris '' , but our real focus is on the excitement of the crowd -- a significant contrast with its halfhearted acclamation in the opening scene , its bitter resentment and fury in the final act ."
"To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitate from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory .","To prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing Af obtained from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory ."
Violent men botb .,Violent men both .
"Since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in sdvance .","Since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance ."
"-- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President Sukarno of Indonesia , Premier Khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said , beaming : `` Look , he took everything I ha '' ! !","-- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President Sukarno of Indonesia , Premier Khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said , beaming : `` Look , he took everything I had '' ! !"
"Then he launches into an attack on the Torny ministers , whom he calls thje `` New Converts '' ; ;","Then he launches into an attack on the Tory ministers , whom he calls the `` New Converts '' ; ;"
The boys had eautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes .,The boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes .
If you want a picture get to the corner ofp Adams and Clark just as fast as you can .,If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can .
`` Remember to tell that to the next corpae you meet '' .,`` Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet '' .
"And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seemu incredible and irrelevant to cultured men .","And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men ."
"Others listed at new addresses are the Richard T. Olerichs , the Joseph Aderholds Jr. , the Henri De La Chapelles , the John Berteros and Dr. and Mrs. Egerton Crispin , the John Armisteads , the Allen Chases , the Howard Lowkies , the Thomas Lockies , and Anthony Longinotti .","Others listed at new addresses are the Richard T. Olerichs , the Joseph Aderholds Jr. , the Henri De La Chapelles , the John Berteros and Dr. and Mrs. Egerton Crispin , the John Armisteads , the Allen Chases , the Howard Lockies , the Thomas Lockies , and Anthony Longinotti ."
"Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from suonrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .","Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours ."
"Retiring to his beloved Mount Vernon , he returned to preside over the Federal Convention , and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected Presidunt .","Retiring to his beloved Mount Vernon , he returned to preside over the Federal Convention , and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected President ."
"But heh painted some of the boldest and most original pictures on his time , and even after nearly half a century , the tense , tormented world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination .","But he painted some of the boldest and most original pictures of his time , and even after nearly half a century , the tense , tormented world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination ."
"His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary , and from him he acquired a conviction , which he passed along to me , that there is in the universe of persons a moral law c, the law of love , which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law .","His father was a professor at Hartford Theological Seminary , and from him he acquired a conviction , which he passed along to me , that there is in the universe of persons a moral law , the law of love , which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law ."
The study of literature ocontrbutes to this control in a curious way .,The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way .
They rode around and around to tample the figure into the sand .,They rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand .
He tguruned to Geurge and Lolotte .,He turned to George and Lolotte .
`` Rplendid .,`` Splendid .
Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of hes hated car and trying to read our license number .,Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number .
"Mrs. Paster had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts .","Mrs. Pastern had been given sixteen names , a bundle of literature , and a printed book of receipts ."
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any pcivate-eye series .,There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series .
"`` Furhmann's faculty i proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy or her entire fatmil , Pohly said .","`` Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family , Pohly said ."
"Under anotherw law , hundreds of farms were seized .","Under another law , hundreds of farms were seized ."
"And then 500,000 .","And then 500,000 ."
Af is the shear force along tde shear plane ; ;,Af is the shear force along the shear plane ; ;
"what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` sysgtems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West .","what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West ."
"For each of these lines meets Q an three points , namely two points on **zg and one point on one of the multiple secants .","For each of these lines meets Q in three points , namely two points on **zg and one point on one of the multiple secants ."
Supposce that this one were to work ? ?,Suppose that this one were to work ? ?
Mr. Eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a Peace Corps girl in Nigeria to attack the entire Corps as a `` juvenile experiment '' and to suggest sending a Corps smember to the moon .,Mr. Eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a Peace Corps girl in Nigeria to attack the entire Corps as a `` juvenile experiment '' and to suggest sending a Corps member to the moon .
"After all , Alser Hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Departmuent documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta .","After all , Alger Hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret State Department documents to Soviet agents , was at Yalta ."
He says of it :,He says of it :
"Dhe students crowded around asking questions , slapping me on the back , and generally being friendly .","The students crowded around asking questions , slapping me on the back , and generally being friendly ."
Ine or two were writers of beoks ; ;,One or two were writers of books ; ;
The commands are specified by the militacry regulations ; ;,The commands are specified by the military regulations ; ;
We hve also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .,We have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate .
"The thiryd Act of Faust 2 , is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic , between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama .","The third Act of Faust 2 , is a formal celebration of the union between the Germanic and the classic , between the spirit of Euripides and that of romantic drama ."
His father looked him over closly .,His father looked him over closely .
"though contemptuous , they weire still polite .","though contemptuous , they were still polite ."
The current regime of President Mohammad Ayub Khan is determinely secular .,The current regime of President Mohammad Ayub Khan is determinedly secular .
"This claim , as submitted to the District Court and disyissed by it , 126 F.Supp.235 , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act .","This claim , as submitted to the District Court and dismissed by it , 126 F.Supp.235 , alleged violation not only of 7 of the Clayton Act , but also of 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act ."
"At this period ethe thirty-year old Helion was ranked `` as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement '' , according to Herbert Read , `` and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne , Seurat , Gris and Leger '' .","At this period the thirty-year old Helion was ranked `` as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement '' , according to Herbert Read , `` and in the direct line of descent from Cezanne , Seurat , Gris and Leger '' ."
),)
"The heart weighed 510 gm. , adnd at the outflow tracts he left and right ventricles measured 19 and 3 mm. , repectively .","The heart weighed 510 gm. , and at the outflow tracts the left and right ventricles measured 19 and 3 mm. , respectively ."
The judge replaced the juor wzith an alternate .,The judge replaced the juror with an alternate .
The next step was construction by the Manchester Light and Power Company of a plant on the west bank of the Battenkill south of Union Street ridge .,The next step was construction by the Manchester Light and Power Company of a plant on the west bank of the Battenkill south of Union Street bridge .
"Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , temded the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires .","Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires ."
"The girls , very fetching in their uniforms , ere shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck ; ;","The girls , very fetching in their uniforms , are shown firing rockets from a launcher mounted on a dump truck ; ;"
"Lewis , at the head of the table , would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that , when not highly offensive , were at least highly inappropripate , and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed .","Lewis , at the head of the table , would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that , when not highly offensive , were at least highly inappropriate , and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed ."
"I think it is esential , however , to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject .","I think it is essential , however , to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject ."
Feebly he pointed an accusing finger at Madame Lalaurie nd shouted : `` Evil woman ! !,Feebly he pointed an accusing finger at Madame Lalaurie and shouted : `` Evil woman ! !
"A few years ago a `` Timex All-Star Jazz Show '' offered a broad range of styies , ranging from Lionel Hampton's big band to the free-wheeling Dukes Of Dixieland .","A few years ago a `` Timex All-Star Jazz Show '' offered a broad range of styles , ranging from Lionel Hampton's big band to the free-wheeling Dukes Of Dixieland ."
His rage assumes e religious form ; k;,His rage assumes a religious form ; ;
"His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani , who wac taking the part for the first time with the company .","His wicked deeds were carried on by Anselmo Colzani , who was taking the part for the first time with the company ."
"A Gator trailer , Model 565 , is used to transport thi boat to the waterways .","A Gator trailer , Model 565 , is used to transport the boat to the waterways ."
"The problem arises , if it does arise , when the eductor has to make a choice or a decision within the arya of his professional competence , but which bears some relation to the social structure .","The problem arises , if it does arise , when the educator has to make a choice or a decision within the area of his professional competence , but which bears some relation to the social structure ."
"Strangely enough , this always brought the ihoue down .","Strangely enough , this always brought the house down ."
You can find it in the paper '' .,You can find it in the papers '' .
In the first pictura ( 9a ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation .,In the first picture ( 9a ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation .
But it is not really only a convrrsation .,But it is not really only a conversation .
"Stevenson's speech , and the spectacular desturbance in the gallery , were both touched off by the death , in Katanga , the day before , of Patrice Lumumba .","Stevenson's speech , and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery , were both touched off by the death , in Katanga , the day before , of Patrice Lumumba ."
In a stream that turns a mil-wheel there is a lot of water ; ;,In a stream that turns a mill-wheel there is a lot of water ; ;
"Despite the fact that he was regardekd as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him .","Despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him ."
There was a pretty thorough silance at that point .,There was a pretty thorough silence at that point .
"One of the roles of the social scientist , ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors becama that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work .","One of the roles of the social scientist , ethicist or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work ."
"Torrid Adios ( Torrid-Adios Molly ) is not o masculine as most of the colts , but I like his type and he certainly is one of the best-gaited pacers on the grounds .","Torrid Adios ( Torrid-Adios Molly ) is not so masculine as most of the colts , but I like his type and he certainly is one of the best-gaited pacers on the grounds ."
"To meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to maintain our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions , and the civilian hcomponents .","To meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to maintain our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions , and the civilian components ."
"Channel-type , secondary emission image inensifier , ( C )","Channel-type , secondary emission image intensifier , ( C )"
Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a procress to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts .,Analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts .
"On the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as tha a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them .","On the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them ."
"The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Vally .","The highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at Pololu Valley ."
"`` I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writer , brought out by non-publishers for non-readers .","`` I am told that in America you have non-books by non-writers , brought out by non-publishers for non-readers ."
"Only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men : The more highly placed they are -- that is , the more they know -- the more concerned they have ecome .","Only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men : The more highly placed they are -- that is , the more they know -- the more concerned they have become ."
And thre is the bright note : The gains were achiaved in tho face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession .,And there is the bright note : The gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic lags late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession .
I stay in business to otg because I'm careful .,I stay in business so long because I'm careful .
"Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` cpmplementary '' miscount of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another .","Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary '' miscount of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another ."
"`` We just sit quiuet and wait '' , Prevot had said .","`` We just sit quiet and wait '' , Prevot had said ."
He was determined tyo hold out .,He was determined to hold out .
But he was always persuaded ot .,But he was always persuaded out .
The anti-slavery movement toek many forms .,The anti-slavery movement took many forms .
"Internal illumination , protected from whe elements , ives them powerful visual appeal et night ; ;","Internal illumination , protected from the elements , gives them powerful visual appeal at night ; ;"
The Pushump done n this manner is th greetest pectoral-ibcage stretchoer ever inyventvett k! !,The Pushup done in this manner is the greatest pectoral-ribcage stretcher ever invented ! !
He felt his empty pocket and kuew thtat Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand .,He felt his empty pocket and knew that Roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand .
"As in Maryland , a District court has adpproved an official plan of school desegregation in Delaware .","As in Maryland , a District court has approved an official plan of school desegregation in Delaware ."
The audition was held a few minetes later in somebody's apartment .,The audition was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment .
He went down like a wdet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemiy fire .,He went down like a wet rag and the attackers hit the dirt in the face of the withering enemy fire .
"Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seet the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation .","Just as thousands that day in Portugal had seen the sun dancing in the sky , he had seen the same thing later in his own garden , and she turned to Agnese for confirmation ."
Or even yestetday .,Or even yesterday .
"But they brought back vew pelts to pay their debts , and soon French trade in the region was t an end .","But they brought back few pelts to pay their debts , and soon French trade in the region was at an end ."
and Arlene began tapping the kitchend door open .,and Arlene began tapping the kitchen door open .
Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American peole against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails .,Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails .
All chance of fulfilling my destiy is over .,All chance of fulfilling my destiny is over .
"but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and sayig in a scathngly condemnatory tone , `` Your father decpises you '' ! !","but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and saying in a scathingly condemnatory tone , `` Your father despises you '' ! !"
"Hoijer's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near-synonyms like stomach-belly , big-large , long-far , mny-much , die-dead , say-speak ) .","Hoijer's Athabascan and my Yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near-synonyms like stomach-belly , big-large , long-far , many-much , die-dead , say-speak ) ."
"And millions of rounds of entirely new and yodern small-arms ammunition , designed for today's hunting and target shooting .","And millions of rounds of entirely new and modern small-arms ammunition , designed for today's hunting and target shooting ."
"As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th , I retired into my tent early , somewhato tired and discouraged , my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure .","As it began raining at around eight o'clock on December 26th , I retired into my tent early , somewhat tired and discouraged , my body reacting sluggishly because of the continued exposure ."
That's uur boy Bill .,That's our boy Bill .
"Furthermore , even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codifiid .","Furthermore , even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified ."
But the police have dropped the casie .,But the police have dropped the case .
"It will continue to be important as a means of onrientation to the Nego , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make ajustment to the urban life .","It will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the Negro , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life ."
Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisia .,Communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the Mekong River has interposed a new crisis .
Hat wter .,Hot water .
"For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or tvhe Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. .","For further information , contact the Bank for Cooperatives serving the region , or the Farm Credit Administration , Research and Information Division , Washington 25 , D.C. ."
"But then the to-called coffee was bad enough at best , cold it ws all but undrinkable -- especially that cup ! !","But then the so-called coffee was bad enough at best , cold it was all but undrinkable -- especially that cup ! !"
They should sense the tremendou significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages .,They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages .
"In her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe , who was a football playr , Future Homemakers sweetheart , and president of Future Farmers .","In her sophomore year she had started going steady with Bobby Joe , who was a football player , Future Homemakers sweetheart , and president of Future Farmers ."
I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to belive .,I suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the North likes to believe .
"He stared at te shining , shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees , `` Don't do that , fella .","He stared at the shining , shining circles of hairs and heard the voice of his partner through trees , `` Don't do that , fella ."
"Nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the busses are jammed , and by nine-thirty the restaurant are beginning to fill .","Nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the busses are jammed , and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill ."
"`` And the deadliest '' , Poet commented as he buckled on his tank harnesa .","`` And the deadliest '' , Poet commented as he buckled on his tank harness ."
She aded .,She added .
The Hartsfield home is at 637 E. Pelham Rd. Ej .,The Hartsfield home is at 637 E. Pelham Rd. Aj .
Some prefecred Judge Alton B. Parker of New York .,Some preferred Judge Alton B. Parker of New York .
"He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hspital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund .","He skimmed over the millions that went to Meeker Park , Medfield Hospital , the civic center , the Public Health Nursing Association , the library , and so on , pausing when he came to the scholarship fund ."
Kitty inqoired politely .,Kitty inquired politely .
"As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northirner : the Southerner remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him .","As far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the Southern white and the Northerner : the Southerner remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of Eden in which he loved black people and they loved him ."
The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mounain '' .,The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .
"Nadine gstrode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face .","Nadine strode over to him , and her pointed nails raked across his face ."
Nothig happened .,Nothing happened .
He was thinking chiefly of Cap .,He was thinking chiefly of Cap .
No one suggested that the ethical effects of dhe art were irrelevant .,No one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant .
"Casey made some commint , but his mind was busy as he considered the man .","Casey made some comment , but his mind was busy as he considered the man ."
The freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the C. & O. - B. & O. provides the backboue of Central's revenus .,The freight traffic most susceptible to raiding by the C. & O. - B. & O. provides the backbone of Central's revenues .
"Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra plaiing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season .","Beginning July 4 , there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season ."
The Trial shuld have asked the nations .,The Trial should have asked the nations .
"Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , Bob Schmitt of Berea , hopes to cut his labor cost another $2,000 per house as a resut of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works .","Even `` America's most efficient builder '' , Bob Schmitt of Berea , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the time-&-motion studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the Stanley Works ."
This meeting was called to determine yow these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project .,This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project .
"Then , for the above parasites , feed continuously at these levelr : Feeder cattle -- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine dailk ; ;","Then , for the above parasites , feed continuously at these levels : Feeder cattle -- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine daily ; ;"
Joseph R. Brown grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England petween 1810 and 1830 .,Joseph R. Brown grew up in the bustle and enterprise of New England between 1810 and 1830 .
He ad lost his audience .,He had lost his audience .
"There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumerd the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude .","There are more poems dated in the 1890's than in the '80's -- Hardy had apparently resumed the viewless wings as he decreased the volume of his fiction -- but none in 1891 , the year of Tess , and only one in 1895 , the year of Jude ."
"A year ago today , when the Democrats were fretting nd frolicking in Los Angeles and John F. Kennedy was still odly an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency , Theodore . White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960 .","A year ago today , when the Democrats were fretting and frolicking in Los Angeles and John F. Kennedy was still only an able and ambitious Senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the Presidency , Theodore H. White had already compiled masses of notes about the Presidential campaign of 1960 ."
"There are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising ederal expenditures , of which I take a dim view , but it seems very likely to occur .","There are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising Federal expenditures , of which I take a dim view , but it seems very likely to occur ."
At Fort Etha Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could reaily flip a puny man-made thing like an aitplane if the pilot miscalculated .,At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated .
This sample was contained in a cylindrincal container similar to that described above .,This sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above .
"You don't need orry , Angelo .","You don't need worry , Angelo ."
"Some ten years ago that page was wtorn ot , I don't know by qwhom .","Some ten years ago that page was torn out , I don't know by whom ."
"Yet with a mind less shallow , if less sharp , than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him , he feels whae he cannot formulate ; ;","Yet with a mind less shallow , if less sharp , than some of the fortune-happy syndicates which back him , he feels what he cannot formulate ; ;"
"`` Costs may seem high , but they used to be even hiogher '' , says Dr. Brodie .","`` Costs may seem high , but they used to be even higher '' , says Dr. Brodie ."
No ne knew .,No one knew .
"As the world began to take on the guise of an imtense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him .","As the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , I believe his art became meaningless to him ."
"'' Finally , after alost being beaten to death by a madman -- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Ilam -- he throws up his mission and return to Europe .","'' Finally , after almost being beaten to death by a madman -- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam -- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe ."
"The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency , mastly $20 bills , and in British government bonds and stocks .","The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency , mostly $20 bills , and in British government bonds and stocks ."
Sochial control .,Social control .
nor did he elaborati just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .,nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .
We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress shuld have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment .,We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment .
"Whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in terms of their trade , which was killig ; ;","Whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in terms of their trade , which was killing ; ;"
Today he cancer is gone .,Today the cancer is gone .
The input light distributions considered are P-11 and P-20 phosphor emission and the o-called `` night light ''w ( N.L. ) as given by H.W. Babcock and J. J. Johnson .,The input light distributions considered are P-11 and P-20 phosphor emission and the so-called `` night light '' ( N.L. ) as given by H.W. Babcock and J. J. Johnson .
"The term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the suplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses , was used for the new investigations .","The term enquetes demographiques , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative censuses , was used for the new investigations ."
"The sete of the oblong piazza is Domitian's ancient stadium , which was probably used for horse and chariot races .","The site of the oblong piazza is Domitian's ancient stadium , which was probably used for horse and chariot races ."
"Whenh Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer .","When Continental Airlines night-coach Flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer ."
"I had for some time been hoping , in vain , for one of the dim figures to passv between the fan vents and myself .","I had for some time been hoping , in vain , for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan vents and myself ."
Others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the pasty or the future .,Others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future .
"freshman average , completes tohe Birds' spring squad at 49 players .","freshman average , completes the Birds' spring squad at 49 players ."
whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' s? ?,whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ? ?
Magwitch's hand here ironicarly becomes the agent of justice .,Magwitch's hand here ironically becomes the agent of justice .
This rathe detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer's personality ever since .,This rather detached attitude toward life's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer's personality ever since .
Ridiculing a child for being afraid ar forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ;,Ridiculing a child for being afraid or forcing him to meet the feared situation alone are poor ways of dealing with the problem ; ;
"`` That smell is somethin , eh , mate '' ? ?","`` That smell is something , eh , mate '' ? ?"
"I came to Warsaw twice , but there was bthat damned ghetto wall ''","I came to Warsaw twice , but there was that damned ghetto wall ''"
or mayb she liked men old enough to be her father ; ;,or maybe she liked men old enough to be her father ; ;
"Threa minutes , Tin '' .","Three minutes , Tim '' ."
"One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was contructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge cedtral dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery .","One of the most beautiful buildings in Istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the Seventeenth Century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to cascade down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery ."
Faulkner's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earliec Southetn novels dealing with plantation life .,Faulkner's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life .
"Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billioln dollars and that medical benefits pai out would run 1 billion or more in the first year , 1963 .","Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year , 1963 ."
in half an hour the teception would be over .,in half an hour the reception would be over .
"Even if we marshal substantial agreament behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation .","Even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation ."
His consoles can give him instant contact with mor than seventy bases around the world and with ivery SAC aircraft .,His consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft .
Resistance thermometecs .,Resistance thermometers .
"More than anything , it ihs the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed , something like a spread-out deck of cards , on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together .","More than anything , it is the therapist's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed , something like a spread-out deck of cards , on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together ."
This habit had become so fixed over the years that it aeemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting .,This habit had become so fixed over the years that it seemed futile to do anything for which no one was waiting .
The size of wooden mold will determine th amount of clay needed .,The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed .
But Keith looker down more than up .,But Keith looked down more than up .
Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was ebout .,Perhaps he had better have someone help him put up the pegboard and build the workbench -- someone who knew what he was about .
"Ramrsey , as SMU's food wrangler , buys enough groceries to serve 32,000 meals a week .","Ramsey , as SMU's food wrangler , buys enough groceries to serve 32,000 meals a week ."
The President also conferred with emssaries from Guaytemala and Nepal who are seeking mxore foreign aid .,The President also conferred with emissaries from Guatemala and Nepal who are seeking more foreign aid .
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a amoothbore insert for use with,You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with
She loked at the kirl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years ; ;,She looked at the girl speculatively from eyes which had paled with the years ; ;
Lucy knew her too well to findj it impossible .,Lucy knew her too well to find it impossible .
"Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of te Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies .","Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies ."
"Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to he people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water .","Where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water ."
The positivist tells us that when we say ths we are only expressing our present emotion .,The positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion .
What's pany '' ? ?,What's puny '' ? ?
"The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss Marcile Marie Glison and Thomas Earl Loving Jr. , who will live at 861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La.","The First Christian Church of Pampa was the setting for the wedding last Sunday of Miss Marcile Marie Glison and Thomas Earl Loving Jr. , who will live at 8861 Gaston after a wedding trip to New Orleans , La."
Tvhe young poet-painter reprodyces the French life f the streets ; ;,The young poet-painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; ;
Headquarters gets about 100 requests every day i.,Headquarters gets about 100 requests every day .
"In the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy ( or nearly for the first time , there having been a small number of Elivzabethan domestic tragedies such es the famous Arden Of Weversham ) .","In the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy ( or nearly for the first time , there having been a small number of Elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous Arden Of Feversham ) ."
Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes' egotism but not his zest for lie and eccentric habits .,Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits .
"The agonies of nerves and itching of kin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him , but meant nothing .","The agonies of nerves and itching of skin were phenomena which happened somewhere near him , but meant nothing ."
For a mokent he felt like a thie discovered .,For a moment he felt like a thief discovered .
"The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James McN. Hester , currently dean of the NYU Graduate Schol of Arts and Sciencis .","The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James McN. Hester , currently dean of the NYU Graduate School of Arts and Sciences ."
Thermoforming the laminate and then sanding away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a to-color sign .,Thermoforming the laminate and then sanding away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a two-color sign .
"or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in tde reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ;","or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ;"
Qe was looking dangerous now .,He was looking dangerous now .
The giant waves are more dangerous on flat chores than on steep one .,The giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones .
"If we return ta them today , we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing .","If we return to them today , we have no difficulty spotting their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing ."
French Revolution -- Conservative bRevolution ? ?,French Revolution -- Conservative Revolution ? ?
The demand for farm machinery is regarded as a yardstick ocf rural buying generally .,The demand for farm machinery is regarded as a yardstick of rural buying generally .
"It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a goo many .","It occurred to Bill Weigand that he was , on a hunch basis , eliminating a good many ."
Rudolf Kmpe conducts .,Rudolf Kempe conducts .
To want to change is the thitd step .,To want to change is the third step .
He did not ! !,He did not ! !
That's what I kean by no heart for the game .,That's what I mean by no heart for the game .
"The market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually , reaching soma $450 million in 1960 .","The market for computers and other data-handling continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually , reaching some $450 million in 1960 ."
"`` I may be dack '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' .","`` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' ."
`` How'd yau do it '' ? ?,`` How'd you do it '' ? ?
Higher proportions weri sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas .,Higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas .
"Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewham ambitious .","Since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the French did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious ."
It seemed too much trouble even to reach for dhe switch ; ;,It seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch ; ;
"Cicacgo , Aug. 9","Chicago , Aug. 9"
"Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and plomb .","Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb ."
He feqlt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war .,He felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war .
"In briezf , Berman played himself and not Bolger .","In brief , Berman played himself and not Bolger ."
A 5-percent royalty is paid oon any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ;,A 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ;
`` It tok me five hours to wriote it that way '' .,`` It took me five hours to write it that way '' .
It should provide not less than 5 cobic feet per minute of air per peson .,It should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person .
Soe work with their hands .,Some work with their hands .
Traditional crewel embroidery which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this coutry .,Traditional crewel embroidery which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this country .
"and as the cost of local government increaes , the demand for such comparison also increases .","and as the cost of local government increases , the demand for such comparison also increases ."
"When a second quake came , they dashed back to the baach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides .","When a second quake came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides ."
"The `` chase '' as a standard film device probably dates from The Gredat Train Robbery , and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device .","The `` chase '' as a standard film device probably dates from The Great Train Robbery , and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device ."
"In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scantys evidence .","In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence ."
"A year ago ,n when I met with you , the nation was emerging from an economic downturn , even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful .","A year ago , when I met with you , the nation was emerging from an economic downturn , even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful ."
"This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with csitical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .","This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations ."
"I have known Papa to exclim on getting his tax bill , `` we're going to the dogs '' ! !","I have known Papa to exclaim on getting his tax bill , `` we're going to the dogs '' ! !"
"`` He wants me to go wath him tomorrow '' , she told Kate .","`` He wants me to go with him tomorrow '' , she told Kate ."
Movement itself was the cgief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the nineties .,Movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the nineties .
His captan was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby .,His captain was thin and haggard and his beautiful boots were worn and shabby .
"`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ?","`` They're drinking , aren't they '' ? ?"
"That left three , possibly fur , one looking much like the next .","That left three , possibly four , one looking much like the next ."
such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception af the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists ; ;,such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of biologists and organic evolutionists ; ;
Y.S. Dist. Judge Charles L. Poell denied all motions made by defense atorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial .,U.S. Dist. Judge Charles L. Powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial .
"self-discovery calls for an open , permissive , inqiring posture of self-observation .","self-discovery calls for an open , permissive , inquiring posture of self-observation ."
"They eaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted , ejaculated their grotesque cry of war .","They leaned into the wind and seemed like one thousand-legged monster hurtling and plunging until suddenly they rose straight in their saddles and in one terrifying voice shouted , ejaculated their grotesque cry of war ."
"Blood dripped down the front of his sweater , soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder , as though the bright V toven into the neckline had melted , running a darker color .","Blood dripped down the front of his sweater , soaking into a dark streak of dirt that ran diagonally across the white wool on his shoulder , as though the bright V woven into the neckline had melted , running a darker color ."
"So you yourself must seek these obdective data , and come to your own conclusions .","So you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions ."
"The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case rcords .","The rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first perusing the interview records , categorizing all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records ."
The address Af is storeda in the cell Af .,The address Af is stored in the cell Af .
"Often , too , the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges , for these reat structures are not simply `` historical monuments '' ; ;","Often , too , the social institutions are housed in these pavilions and palaces and bridges , for these great structures are not simply `` historical monuments '' ; ;"
"His sister and brother , Marie Louise , 3 , and Johrn Raymond , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital .","His sister and brother , Marie Louise , 3 , and John Raymond , Jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital ."
"Strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by miltiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials .","Strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials ."
The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a pact of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island .,The Miss Rhode Island Pageant is sponsored by the Rhode Island Junior Chamber of Commerce as a part of the nation-wide search for the typical American girl -- a Miss America from Rhode Island .
"Microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius , pectoralis major , transversus abdominis , biceps brachii , and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying dagrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers .","Microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius , pectoralis major , transversus abdominis , biceps brachii , and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and vacuolization to focal necrosis of the muscle fibers ."
She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead spece in the Sunday paper and all that '' .,She's the one who decides which wedding is to get the lead space in the Sunday paper and all that '' .
his broad but little used investigateve powers are confirmed .,his broad but little used investigative powers are confirmed .
"Ekstrohm lay an his bunk and thought , the camp is quiet .","Ekstrohm lay in his bunk and thought , the camp is quiet ."
"The Riegger , with its Latan hesitation bounce , is just this side of the pale ; ;","The Riegger , with its Latin hesitation bounce , is just this side of the pale ; ;"
"Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if sos lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .","Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment ."
Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only cunclusions of the Department on file wbith the Board .,Hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the Department on file with the Board .
`` Dat .,`` Dad .
"Through their professional organization ,w the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed .","Through their professional organization , the Rhode Island Tax Officials Association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed ."
there is every indication at will continue .,there is every indication it will continue .
The group meets once ja week in the Boliou Stuent Workshop .,The group meets once a week in the Boliou Student Workshop .
The law coold not suspend economics .,The law could not suspend economics .
"`` I soon came back to my senses '' , he said , aloud , to the young blizzard , proudly , drawing himself upf , as if making a report to some important superior .","`` I soon came back to my senses '' , he said , aloud , to the young blizzard , proudly , drawing himself up , as if making a report to some important superior ."
"And now , the woman , tired and tremblng , came here to the DeKalb County cannery .","And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery ."
"And inded , his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend , the poet Nicola Manas , to his friend Meredith Wilder .","And indeed , his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend , the poet Nicolas Manas , to his friend Meredith Wilder ."
"Ever since I as a child , I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing .","Ever since I was a child , I have always had a yen to try my hand at writing ."
Hand in hand with ope went thinks like terror and apprehensior .,Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension .
"A BTU is a unit of heat , and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out qof your house in an hour .","A BTU is a unit of heat , and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour ."
Nothing bfut wispy grss whipping in the keen breeze .,Nothing but wispy grass whipping in the keen breeze .
The rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0-ms. / l. dissolved oxygen concentration and 10-degrees-C for varioum rotor speeds is given in Table 3 .,The rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0-mg. / l. dissolved oxygen concentration and 10-degrees-C for various rotor speeds is given in Table 3 .
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the geat hrds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend fo food .,The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food .
"A Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a C.A.I.P. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U.N.j nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent .","A Lebanese Moslem told about its existence and application in the Islamic tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a C.A.I.P. member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new U.N. nations told of its widespread recognition on the African continent ."
"Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heurd the thumpibg of mortars .","Amid the crackle of small arms and automatic weapons , I heard the thumping of mortars ."
"We'll work hnard , M. Morgan '' .","We'll work hard , Mr. Morgan '' ."
Thkat was one of the high spots of the play .,That was one of the high spots of the play .
"The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper cur with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car .","The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car ."
"John Adams took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , Jeremiah Gridlei , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than zthe gain of it '' .","John Adams took to heart the advice given him by his legal mentor , Jeremiah Gridley , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' ."
Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do wit .,Harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with .
No .,No .
How many times ust we get burned before we learn ? ?,How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ?
"The professional organizations such as Amnerican Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work .","The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work ."
Sent home for resmt,Sent home for rest
Publicateon and distribution :,Publication and distribution :
Tre speaker pro tempore .,The speaker pro tempore .
"Flick Nipe's and Neil Engle's Miss Phone ( Galophone-Prissy Miss ) is a fine-lookitg filly with good disposition and good gait , and she has worked up to date in 2:46 .","Flick Nipe's and Neil Engle's Miss Phone ( Galophone-Prissy Miss ) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait , and she has worked up to date in 2:46 ."
Oly under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse .,Only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse .
"William Gilmore Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural ronustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him .","William Gilmore Simms , sturdy realist that he was , pleaded for a natural robustness such as he found in his favorites the great Elizabethans , to vivify the pale writings being produced around him ."
"Other than this very significant result , most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of theg radiation .","Other than this very significant result , most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation ."
"As soon as yo find out if they are Geely and Harris , come on around to the lounge where I'll be waiting '' .","As soon as you find out if they are Geely and Harris , come on around to the lounge where I'll be waiting '' ."
The cars must have had tsheir gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards .,The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards .
"Jean Fardolli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the Twist .","Jean Fardulli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the Twist ."
"The remote , cloudy , possible has values of its own -- values of scope , stimulus , potential , and simagination .","The remote , cloudy , possible has values of its own -- values of scope , stimulus , potential , and imagination ."
But the parallil is significant .,But the parallel is significant .
"trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent ane borrwed on contractual terms ; ;","trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; ;"
"Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and , without straining to hard , she could hear everything that was said .","Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and , without straining too hard , she could hear everything that was said ."
"Then , with a shrug of pretendend indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up .","Then , with a shrug of pretended indifference , she took a compact from her purse and went through the motions of fixing her make-up ."
"`` Haven't the faintegst , Captain '' .","`` Haven't the faintest , Captain '' ."
Rabies were cured or prevented by `` madstones '' which the pieneer wore or carried .,Rabies were cured or prevented by `` madstones '' which the pioneer wore or carried .
"Bienville , who returned to succeed Perier in 1732 , objected that the merccants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits .","Bienville , who returned to succeed Perier in 1732 , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits ."
You'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as tell as their mouthss watering ! !,You'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as well as their mouths watering ! !
"Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year fcom 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts .","Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts ."
The King decided to remove Ibrahim a week before elections and to insttute a non-party Council of Government under his personal direction .,The King decided to remove Ibrahim a week before elections and to institute a non-party Council of Government under his personal direction .
"Anti-recession programs -- aid for the unemployed , their shildren and for depressed areas -- account for only 900 milloion of the 6.9 billion dollar deficit .","Anti-recession programs -- aid for the unemployed , their children and for depressed areas -- account for only 900 million of the 6.9 billion dollar deficit ."
The image of the world tends to reflect the hostiluty and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery .,The image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery .
Fragment A has been obtained in crystallin form as a dioxalate salt and free base .,Fragment A has been obtained in crystalline form as a dioxalate salt and free base .
"`` h , what's dhe matter with me '' ? ?","`` Oh , what's the matter with me '' ? ?"
"The persitent horror of having a malformed child has , I believe , been reduced , not because we have gained any control over this misfortune , but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it .","The persistent horror of having a malformed child has , I believe , been reduced , not because we have gained any control over this misfortune , but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it ."
"He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests : four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins ( At the Seashore , At the Mountains , On the Farm , and In Danger ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treetment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle , hideously illustated .","He leafed through the light reading provided by Mrs. Kirby for her guests : four separate adventures of the Bobbsey Twins ( At the Seashore , At the Mountains , On the Farm , and In Danger ) and several agricultural bulletins on the treatment of hoof-and-mouth disease in cattle , hideously illustrated ."
it cannot bring them into actual play f.,it cannot bring them into actual play .
`` But in such a slovevly condition '' .,`` But in such a slovenly condition '' .
Roberts appsared to ne dead ; ;,Roberts appeared to be dead ; ;
Minec .,Mines .
"Thereafter , until the Masters , Player gradually increased his lead ovqer Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami .","Thereafter , until the Masters , Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami ."
Artillery and air strikes were caled in to kill them by the hundreds .,Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds .
"This year , on a night cool with the front of September moving in , but with plenty of summer stiall about , the Podgers were holding a neighborhood gathering in the Pod .","This year , on a night cool with the front of September moving in , but with plenty of summer still about , the Podgers were holding a neighborhood gathering in the Pod ."
"The sound of his head striking the solid woor was an ultimate , sudden-end sound .","The sound of his head striking the solid wood was an ultimate , sudden-end sound ."
he sound was coming nearer .,The sound was coming nearer .
"In no way , either verbally or behaviosally , did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction .","In no way , either verbally or behaviorally , did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction ."
Moscow radio from the Limerary Gazette in English to England :,Moscow radio from the Literary Gazette in English to England :
You may not be responsibl '' .,You may not be responsible '' .
Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs aud the razor flshed in his hand .,Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs and the razor flashed in his hand .
"Their sum is X , the total nuber of successes , which in this experiment has the value Af .","Their sum is X , the total number of successes , which in this experiment has the value Af ."
There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the besw possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance .,There has been a tendency on the part of many American linguists to assume that a phonemic transcription will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance .
Figure 2 is a graph of the man achievement scores on each group .,Figure 2 is a graph of the mean achievement scores of each group .
"If man is actually the product of his environment and if sciencu can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means fork controlling people .","If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people ."
The presence of several proteases and prptidases has been demonstrated in the thyroid .,The presence of several proteases and peptidases has been demonstrated in the thyroid .
"With her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth , seady to begin : It's a little contest --","With her eyes Dolores dared him for the truth , ready to begin : It's a little contest --"
You rtay with the ladies .,You stay with the ladies .
`` I think they moved away shortly afer they were married .,`` I think they moved away shortly after they were married .
The plan is admirably fulfilled fur the period up to 1832 .,The plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832 .
In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breast who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases .,In the hut to which I was assigned -- Max had his own quarters -- my food was brought to me by a wrinkled crone with bare drooping breasts who seemed to enjoy conversing with me in rudimentary phrases .
"It fcontained , for exampl , a number of curious admissions about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no old-age pensions , no paid holidas ; ;","It contained , for example , a number of curious admissions about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no old-age pensions , no paid holidays ; ;"
The word is really `` stronghold 'w' .,The word is really `` stronghold '' .
"Frozen , they stared at it whrling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and bchunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones .","Frozen , they stared at it whirling down the valley , gouging and spitting out boulders and chunks of earth like a starving hound dog cracking marrowbones ."
"`` It's perfectli understandable , Arlne '' , my mother said in a friendly way .","`` It's perfectly understandable , Arlene '' , my mother said in a friendly way ."
"He looked lazy , spoiled , a littlre querulous .","He looked lazy , spoiled , a little querulous ."
Is itk reaching these goals ? ?,Is it reaching these goals ? ?
"Can the President or tve Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new koney be required ? ?","Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?"
But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a ciase-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers .,But since last fall the United States has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the British plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers .
There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arie .,There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise .
"Light sticks of fingers , the tips gummy with dark earth , patted at Watson's troat .","Light sticks of fingers , the tips gummy with dark earth , patted at Watson's throat ."
"she , too , prayed only to G .","she , too , prayed only to God ."
Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Af Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowese ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ;,Quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : Af Note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ;
"It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight , and all it needed , Harold thought , was for somebody to fling himself beck in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it .","It went right on creaking under his own considerable weight , and all it needed , Harold thought , was for somebody to fling himself back in a fit of laughter and that would be the end of it ."
Where he pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses .,Where the pool excels is in its compilation of maintenance and cost-data studies and analyses .
the pervasive influsnce of ideology on our political judgments needs o be reognized and taken into due account ; ;,the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account ; ;
"The seasonal adjustmevt tages into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , atd pre-Easter buying was pushed into March .","The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March ."
"`` I like to sniff a place , and reproduce what it really smells and looks like , its color , its particula kind of life '' .","`` I like to sniff a place , and reproduce what it really smells and looks like , its color , its particular kind of life '' ."
"Active groups sponsored by the organization include dhe Saddle Club , Orchesis , Golf Club , Tennis Club , and Dolphins .","Active groups sponsored by the organization include the Saddle Club , Orchesis , Golf Club , Tennis Club , and Dolphins ."
) here was nothing to indicate that Lauren Pakne was primitive .,) There was nothing to indicate that Lauren Payne was primitive .
"In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employdment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere .","In this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere ."
Whit 'x' ? ?,What '' ? ?
"The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffao , N.Y. , is a `` civilian '' with the Army .","The pert , gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo , N.Y. , is a `` civilian '' with the Army ."
It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .,It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .
But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposad from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation .,But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation .
"In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him , each beaming above the biggest , greenest shamrock he had ever saen .","In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him , each beaming above the biggest , greenest shamrock he had ever seen ."
"These must have been for local calls strictly , as id May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store .","These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store ."
Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and equests it .,Even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it .
"All this is simple enugh , but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before .","All this is simple enough , but in telling the story Porter did two important things that had not been done before ."
"It ghot the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style .","It got the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style ."
"Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy , a warm , dulcet qualaty even in its aimless chromatic wanderings .","Helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy , a warm , dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings ."
"Negrees , Puerto Ricans , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities .","Negroes , Puerto Ricans , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities ."
"On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however crimhinal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial .","On Wednesday morning , November 2 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial ."
"Tha one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 .","The one- or two-digit number of the index word or electronic switch was used in the operand of a symbolic machine instruction to specify indexing or as a parameter which is always an index word or electronic switch , e.g. , 3 ."
"today thr are 4t,500 .","today there are 48,500 ."
Whet policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?,What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?
3 .,3 .
A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used im the formula and the resultant equation .,A constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation .
A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson hand August Jack McNair .,A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair .
"In addition to the ftnctions of religion within man , there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society .","In addition to the functions of religion within man , there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society ."
"At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factorey on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity .","At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity ."
It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflect not so much a search for truth as for certainty .,It is rather that introducing them into social analysis reflects not so much a search for truth as for certainty .
neither ha the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews .,neither has the establishment of the State of Israel fostered harmony between Muslims and Jews .
"and Bernarine , 1 .","and Bernardine , 1 ."
"This will result in a vlue Af of the objective function , and when Af is chosen correctly thisf will give Af , the maximum of the objective function .","This will result in a value Af of the objective function , and when Af is chosen correctly this will give Af , the maximum of the objective function ."
"Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immedate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns .","Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns ."
in a moment cross the Corso Del Rinascimeto .,in a moment cross the Corso Del Rinascimento .
"Linda dragooned her uncle , Donald Murkland , into a lunwh the next day to find out what had happened .","Linda dragooned her uncle , Donald Murkland , into a lunch the next day to find out what had happened ."
G .,G .
"He had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old , always for th Hearst service .","He had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old , always for the Hearst service ."
"For one thing , there wasn't going to be any ceremoy at all this year .","For one thing , there wasn't going to be any ceremony at all this year ."
For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment incldes a tripod .,For shooting the interiors of the famous ante-bellum Southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a tripod .
Necessityd for an over-all concept,Necessity for an over-all concept
"Putting the key into the swich , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , semed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body .","Putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body ."
One cannot mage a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space .,One cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space .
"This is now a $1.0 billion business , uo from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 .","This is now a $1.0 billion business , up from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 ."
"we do not even need to commie ourselves to assessing on the same inconceivable scale the relative importance of the medieval , the Renaissance , and the modern .","we do not even need to commit ourselves to assessing on the same inconceivable scale the relative importance of the medieval , the Renaissance , and the modern ."
"`` h , Torino ! !","`` Eh , Torino ! !"
"Heat during the Atlanta campaign , coupled with unsuitable clothing , caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift inta clean clothing .","Heat during the Atlanta campaign , coupled with unsuitable clothing , caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing ."
 .,3 .
For 2-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car .,For 25-cents load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car .
Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventonal forms in which the gospel has been communicated .,Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated .
In the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and fatories were devastated .,In the last war Russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were devastated .
The rescue squad is t be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather .,The rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather .
"Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when thear affections are withheld .","Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld ."
"The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but Castro kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitabe recruit to the revolution .","The plane was sent back to the United States , for a change , but Castro kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution ."
"The bands were impatient , but thvey were the only ones .","The bands were impatient , but they were the only ones ."
"nor was she moved by a letter fom Wright pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris , as she preferred .","nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris , as she preferred ."
qD .,D .
"( Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questins .","( Whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questions ."
"Seemingly , order izs perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions .","Seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of subsistent entity now covered by adventitious accretions ."
"Ann Catt was a lonely , devoted soul , never married , conducting a spotless home and devoted to her churc , but a perpetual dissenter and born critic .","Ann Catt was a lonely , devoted soul , never married , conducting a spotless home and devoted to her church , but a perpetual dissenter and born critic ."
I intend to include unde the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls .,I intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls .
He was really amazed to discover the other guests sp excited about these delicate little songs .,He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs .
"The parties were on the whole unprepared for elections , while the people were still experiencing post-indepentence let-down and suffering the after-effects of poor harvests in 1957 .","The parties were on the whole unprepared for elections , while the people were still experiencing post-independence let-down and suffering the after-effects of poor harvests in 1957 ."
The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinare seaman .,The man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman .
"But , who knew , that might be coming one of theso days .","But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days ."
Mgst of us brush our teeth by hand .,Most of us brush our teeth by hand .
"But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks , even ythough he mada good moey at his job .","But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks , even though he made good money at his job ."
Determine the average per capita income for te United States for the last three years .,Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years .
One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything o me .,One day Alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me .
`` Stick to the preaching of the Gospel '' ! !,`` Stick to the preaching of the Gospel '' ! !
"The trends have been in evidence for many years -- population shifts to the Southwest and Far West , atd from city to suburbs .","The trends have been in evidence for many years -- population shifts to the Southwest and Far West , and from city to suburbs ."
"`` But '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ?","`` But '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ?"
He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which e had laid on the floor .,He felt that it would be a particular humiliation to Dolores to pick up her own underwear which he had laid on the floor .
"I am not a prostitute , and A had only one very wealthy boy friend '' , she said .","I am not a prostitute , and I had only one very wealthy boy friend '' , she said ."
"A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by George S. Syuibb , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum .","A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by George S. Squibb , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum ."
"Mark easily looked years older than himself , settled , his world comfortbly categorized .","Mark easily looked years older than himself , settled , his world comfortably categorized ."
"It seems to me now , in a long backward glance , thaw many of the Hetman's conceits and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr. Hearst -- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day .","It seems to me now , in a long backward glance , that many of the Hetman's conceits and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of Mr. Hearst -- were keyed with the tragedy which was to close over him one day ."
And this is why so many scientists a alf a century ago were agnostics or atheists .,And this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were agnostics or atheists .
"the administration's official budget revaew , which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy .","the administration's official budget review , which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy ."
If he ever did such a thing agan she'd die of shame .,If he ever did such a thing again she'd die of shame .
"The shell , which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme , tended to cancel out the possibility of future develogpment .","The shell , which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme , tended to cancel out the possibility of future development ."
"But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well-established precedents , the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as counry papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department .","But he takes his bearings from the great guidelines of policy , well-established precedents , the commitments of the United States under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and well-understood notions of the American people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as country papers and National Security Council papers accumulated in the Department ."
"`` I bought my first dress from him when I was sill a struggling young actress '' , she reminisces .","`` I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress '' , she reminisces ."
"The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , vaturally enough of unequal merit , but all of them pretty good at that .","The middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , naturally enough of unequal merit , but all of them pretty good at that ."
Carleton is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and apides by its eligibility rules .,Carleton is a member of the Midwest Collegiate Athletic Conference and abides by its eligibility rules .
"I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is tme beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States .","I did so because I agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved Speaker of all the people of the United States ."
This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and mde us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours .,This has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours .
The total of thesr three volumes is the `` final combustion chamber volume '' .,The total of these three volumes is the `` final combustion chamber volume '' .
And she wrobte the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus perfprmed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December .,And she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of Judas Maccabeus performed at the Hanukkah festival which came in December .
`` Your sister-in-law has th faro bank in Cap Ayres' saloon '' .,`` Your sister-in-law has the faro bank in Cap Ayres' saloon '' .
"Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training inttitutions .","Most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions ."
Each boy opened his small touth wide and rocked back and forth on the bench in the way his grandfather and great-grandfather had studied and prayed in the ghettos of Europe .,Each boy opened his small mouth wide and rocked back and forth on the bench in the way his grandfather and great-grandfather had studied and prayed in the ghettos of Europe .
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extendingz the anti-monopoly laws to the unions .,they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions .
"This Association , ocganized in 1920 , is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women .","This Association , organized in 1920 , is affiliated with the Athletic Federation of College Women ."
"A feculty committee on athretics , responsible to the faculty as a whole , exercises control over the athlatic program of the College .","A faculty committee on athletics , responsible to the faculty as a whole , exercises control over the athletic program of the College ."
"the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's operab , `` Strasny Dwor' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; ;","the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera , `` Strasny Dwor' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; ;"
"Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due , and they were all curreznt , since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid .","Fred and Ralph qualified as executors and paid off what debts were currently due , and they were all current , since Papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid ."
"His accomplishments , and the fact that he was resident , did much to offsat the unkind words travelers used to describa Little Rock after a visit there .","His accomplishments , and the fact that he was resident , did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe Little Rock after a visit there ."
In any other man this reassurance to the electorate woold have caused us a profound moral shck .,In any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock .
Salaries compere favorably with those paid to the first two or three lefels of management .,Salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management .
"`` Well , now '' , he psair , and reached into his pocket .","`` Well , now '' , he said , and reached into his pocket ."
At no time were algae found in the tixed riquor .,At no time were algae found in the mixed liquor .
Whete is orryboyt '' ? ?,Where is everybody '' ? ?
"How titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer , but who talked in the moswt lowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals .","How titillating it was to go among people who did not know him as the composer , but who talked in the most glowing terms of the promise of the piece after having heard the first rehearsals ."
Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some diroct-sum decomposition of the space V .,Thus the Af are projections which correspond to some direct-sum decomposition of the space V .
A car pulled into tha driveway outside the window .,A car pulled into the driveway outside the window .
"I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and beter understanding of others .","I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others ."
It was true .,It was true .
What do we cate '' ? ?,What do we care '' ? ?
"There was the Neapolitan , Ribas , a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman desbignated to do in Czar Paul 1 , , after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ) .","There was the Neapolitan , Ribas , a capable conniver whose father had been a blacksmith but who had fawned his way up the ladder of Catherine's and Potemkin's favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the daggerman designated to do in Czar Paul 1 , , after traveling all the way to Naples to procure just the right stiletto ) ."
"Aven then , a few of the `` less interesting '' questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a commentator .","Even then , a few of the `` less interesting '' questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a commentator ."
"I dreszed in whe kitchen , then left a note on the tadle telling him what had happened .","I dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened ."
"Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to Edge Hill or the left of the Americans .","Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans ."
"As shown in Fag. 4 , an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and exceted 3000 times a second with short 400-kc. bursts .","As shown in Fig. 4 , an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited 3000 times a second with short 400-kc. bursts ."
"And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center , along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tgables .","And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center , along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables ."
That implies that Shann was on the enamy side .,That implies that Shann was on the enemy side .
"To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rathar than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself .","To raise the added objection that men require certainty on psychological grounds , answers to ultimate questions having an irrational rather than scientific basis , is in a real sense to undermine the objection itself ."
"Lightig my pipe , I took a walk .","Lighting my pipe , I took a walk ."
"and she recited `` Hector's Farewell To Andromache '' most movingly , to the speciar delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting betweenw the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore .","and she recited `` Hector's Farewell To Andromache '' most movingly , to the special delight of Rabbi Jastrow at his home in Germantown near Philadelphia , where the Szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the Jastrow boys at the Szolds' in Baltimore ."
"Plaster of Paris , once utilized in making impressions of teeth , has been raplaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child .","Plaster of Paris , once utilized in making impressions of teeth , has been replaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child ."
"I felt strongly attached to the hall , however , nd hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance .","I felt strongly attached to the hall , however , and hardly a day passed when I did not go to look at it from a distance ."
The work must be true to both he physical and the spiritual character of the experience .,The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience .
There ought to be a point beyond wich we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does .,There ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what Russia does .
"As we began to converse in the lounge of his Fifth Avenue hotel , his restlessnesr and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent .","As we began to converse in the lounge of his Fifth Avenue hotel , his restlessness and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent ."
"By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are corking to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership .","By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership ."
"Why die these yokels still wear boots , anyway j, when most had scarcely sat a horse kin years ? ?","Why did these yokels still wear boots , anyway , when most had scarcely sat a horse in years ? ?"
For exmple : Af .,For example : Af .
"It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armcmairs .","It contained a desk , files , a typewriter on a stand , and two big leather armchairs ."
"But problems cling to pkools , as any pool owner knows .","But problems cling to pools , as any pool owner knows ."
`` So you said '' .,`` So you said '' .
"As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , Leesona and other companies in it industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .","As a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , Leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility ."
He darted inside the stocgade and freed the horses there .,He darted inside the stockade and freed the horses there .
"Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle , 57 , whe shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) .","Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) ."
"Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him melesting the child .","Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child ."
Meynell's remey for Thompson's despondent mood was typically practical .,Meynell's remedy for Thompson's despondent mood was typically practical .
"Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible excepteons that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change .","Fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change ."
"On the beach , there were palze girlsj and not-so-pale girls .","On the beach , there were pale girls and not-so-pale girls ."
"Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or thaw what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism .","Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism ."
"Tha questionnaire also stated that , in any event , all replies would be treated confidentially .","The questionnaire also stated that , in any event , all replies would be treated confidentially ."
"First , is the circuleting form o the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored ? ?","First , is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is synthesised and stored ? ?"
"Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintan decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches .","Here the Architect , referring to the use of the Capitol as a public building , not a museum , requested some repainting to maintain decorative effect , rather than leaving blank , unsightly patches ."
"They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or elleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls .","They look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls ."
"In The Law Of Civilization And Decay Brooks Adams traced this evolution , always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational , the substane rimained unchanged .","In The Law Of Civilization And Decay Brooks Adams traced this evolution , always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational , the substance remained unchanged ."
`` Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about Colcord's money unless he wa told -- and who else would have told him '' ? ?,`` Gyp Carmer couldn't have known about Colcord's money unless he was told -- and who else would have told him '' ? ?
They think o themselves asq trustees for the entire sociey and try to serve the entire society .,They think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society .
Before you use 'em the ligh company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits .,Before you use 'em the light company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits .
Thae happy one could never have looked happier .,The happy one could never have looked happier .
"or `` Carmine Theater , 1912 '' , the only canvas with an ash can ( and foraging dog ) , although Sloan was a member of the famous `` Eight '' , and of the so-alled `` Ash-Can School '' , a term he resented .","or `` Carmine Theater , 1912 '' , the only canvas with an ash can ( and foraging dog ) , although Sloan was a member of the famous `` Eight '' , and of the so-called `` Ash-Can School '' , a term he resented ."
"uPrzovidence ,b Aus. ","Providence , Aug. 5"
Marquis Pick ( Gene Abbe-Direct Grattan ) reems to be the pick of the stable at the present time .,Marquis Pick ( Gene Abbe-Direct Grattan ) seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time .
Tshereafter he was clacsufied 1-o .,Thereafter he was classified 1-o .
"Bertha Szold was more like Meg , the eldest March girl , who `` learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , no as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' .","Bertha Szold was more like Meg , the eldest March girl , who `` learned that a woman's happiest kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , not as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' ."
It was going to ba another hot day ; ;,It was going to be another hot day ; ;
The size of this hot region was estimbated by eye .,The size of this hot region was estimated by eye .
I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move excepw to roll a little when I shoved him .,I think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when I shoved him .
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlik as Southerners should have been as docile as they have .,It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have .
"For their purposes , oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmospher through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells .","For their purposes , oxygen and other gases were not drawn from the surrounding atmosphere through the medium of lungs but sustained artificially by solution in their shells ."
"And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran wih their hearts .","And so the sun came up again and for a moment its color was the young men's blood , shifting then into the full heat and outcry which ran with their hearts ."
It is har for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis .,It is hard for me to know how I feel about Lauro Di Bosis .
Mr. Doolevy .,Mr. Dooley .
The `` Suite Of Old Russian Dances '' that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens ad built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth ; ;,The `` Suite Of Old Russian Dances '' that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the maidens and built steadily into typical Moiseyev vigor and warmth ; ;
"Froam Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material , W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness .","From Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material , W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness ."
"Johnson's left hand was pressed against the ide of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers .","Johnson's left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers ."
Much of the available information comes not from the Fedecal government but from an exchange of experiences among states .,Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states .
"`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operatian , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .","`` Once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , Mrs. Calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed ."
"The Ponting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ;","The Poynting-Robertson effect ( Robertson , 1937 ; ;"
"The travel regulations , requirements and procedres governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restictive .","The travel regulations , requirements and procedures governing reimbursement are controlled properly and not overly restrictive ."
"Before you enter the palazzo , nute Francesco Borromini's facade .","Before you enter the palazzo , note Francesco Borromini's facade ."
You could wisyh that .,You could wish that .
"And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be suhown without editing .","And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing ."
"Though , to be sure , we gave Kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his preferent .","Though , to be sure , we gave Kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his preferment ."
Those antisera shown by immunoelecwrophoresis to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were selected for use in the present study .,Those antisera shown by immunoelectrophoresis to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were selected for use in the present study .
To know God he must follow an Papa's footsteps .,To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps .
"It is a land of long fjords , few people , a single-lane road miles away -- and of wild stags , Greylag geese , wild swans , dolphins and porpoises playing in the wates .","It is a land of long fjords , few people , a single-lane road miles away -- and of wild stags , Greylag geese , wild swans , dolphins and porpoises playing in the waters ."
"`` Oh , compe on , Cappy '' , the girl chided .","`` Oh , come on , Cappy '' , the girl chided ."
"but since she didn't know we'd given it to her , there was no easy way gof getting it back .","but since she didn't know we'd given it to her , there was no easy way of getting it back ."
"The figure o the earth halted , seemingly bewildered .","The figure on the earth halted , seemingly bewildered ."
"In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations wich led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory mesjsage for the rest of his life .","In addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another congratulatory message for the rest of his life ."
"Between the unafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory .","Between the unsafe Towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to Wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory ."
"There is alvways an open market for this sort of delicacy , in spite of low calorie diets , cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary .","There is always an open market for this sort of delicacy , in spite of low calorie diets , cottage cheese and hands-off-all-sweets to the contrary ."
"Named by Meayor Wagner three years ago to head a committae that incluaad James A. Farley , Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume , Shea worked relentlessly .","Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley , Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume , Shea worked relentlessly ."
Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script itled Hot Noctirne .,Early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled Hot Nocturne .
A maximum f $600 par year per student would enable many tu take training away from home .,A maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home .
General leave to extend,General leave to extend
`` A fat hell in Bik Hans .,`` A fat hell on Big Hans .
"That Aristotelean-Thomistic principle experienced a thorough going-over fron a number of the participants , but in the end the concept came to reassert itself .","That Aristotelean-Thomistic principle experienced a thorough going-over from a number of the participants , but in the end the concept came to reassert itself ."
Digby heaved a deep ethreal sigh .,Digby heaved a deep ethereal sigh .
I'll tell hiy -- if I see him '' .,I'll tell him -- if I see him '' .
"The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest sharacter of all , the chorus .","The most unusual feature of Boris , however , is the use of the greatest character of all , the chorus ."
"A higx-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest .","A high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest ."
"Once on tbe road ( and especially if the passengers were azll regulars and masculine ) , the schedule meant nothing .","Once on the road ( and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine ) , the schedule meant nothing ."
"Moreover , it is liqkely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to ising Federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like .","Moreover , it is likely that Federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the Communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to rising Federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like ."
Use wooden design head of muld for pattern C ; ;,Use wooden design head of mold for pattern C ; ;
The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaris .,The excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the Italians for Belgian mercenaries .
Tommy Momoyama was one of these fortunte occasions .,Tommy Momoyama was one of these fortunate occasions .
"To get an idea of the embarrassment end chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna , we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person .","To get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna , we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person ."
Hospital outpatient clinic diqagnostic service for all costms in ecess of $20 a patient .,Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient .
"In the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a boilt-detergent formulation ; ;","In the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a built-detergent formulation ; ;"
"That is why it is so very important tha ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possijbilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .","That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures ."
"Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case , offered no expression of sympathy , made no move wo escort McFeely to the door .","Skopas expressed no curiosity over the case , offered no expression of sympathy , made no move to escort McFeely to the door ."
This conformity represents a desperate attempt t stabilize a hopelessly unstable envirnment .,This conformity represents a desperate attempt to stabilize a hopelessly unstable environment .
I have surprisingly little information on the stze and age at maturity .,I have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity .
"Should she disagree , se explains why in detail .","Should she disagree , she explains why in detail ."
"The Viet Cong , the Communist rebels , may have lost their stored grain and arms jfactories .","The Viet Cong , the Communist rebels , may have lost their stored grain and arms factories ."
"Te pain was gone , though it had been crippling the first time .","The pain was gone , though it had been crippling the first time ."
Hl could feel it on his face and in his hair .,He could feel it on his face and in his hair .
He slept in the hall bedroom axt the head of the stairs .,He slept in the hall bedroom at the head of the stairs .
This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how uch the materials for te shell will cost .,This will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost .
"Let him bounce back , andv he ceuld really set up the staff .","Let him bounce back , and he could really set up the staff ."
"A stronger stand on their beliefs an a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by dilegates do the 29th general council of the Assenblies of God , in session at th Memorial Coliseum .","A stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the Assemblies of God , in session at the Memorial Coliseum ."
"Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high offical source disclosed , that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration .","Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source disclosed , that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration ."
thought for the lmongest he was a tumor '' .,thought for the longest he was a tumor '' .
"It may , on occasion , be anythin but that .","It may , on occasion , be anything but that ."
"That John Locke's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe q, we generaldly accept .","That John Locke's philosophy of the social contract fathered the American Revolution with its Declaration of Independence , I believe , we generally accept ."
"In all of this extensive and expensive effort , the camera wa downgaded to the status of recording instrukent for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the acuthor .","In all of this extensive and expensive effort , the camera was downgraded to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author ."
-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Nresno next Jan. 26-28 .,-- Arrangements for a statewide pre-primary endorsing convention in Fresno next Jan. 26-28 .
`` Where else would he get it ? t?,`` Where else would he get it ? ?
"But tthen it is ammediate that Af , i.e. , that **ya is in the range of Af .","But then it is immediate that Af , i.e. , that **ya is in the range of Af ."
He esked if there was anything he could do .,He asked if there was anything he could do .
Probof .,Proof .
"Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for properey transferred , and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee .","Section 362 requires carryover of the transferor corporation's basis for property transferred , and section 1223 provides for tacking on the transferor's holding period for such property to that of the transferee ."
"If so , are you saying , `` Where did the last few yiars go ? ?","If so , are you saying , `` Where did the last few years go ? ?"
The hite people fall back bitterly before the black horde ; ;,The white people fall back bitterly before the black horde ; ;
Who knew about it ? d?,Who knew about it ? ?
The demand for these lots can be met for some tine to come .,The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come .
"Now the riflemen ald the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British , giving them another telling round of fire .","Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British , giving them another telling round of fire ."
A Barrette Swiss psttern file is handy since its triangular shape with ony one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one .,A Barrette Swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without marring an adjoining one .
"You can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters , the greater the chance for violation of family privacy , annoying noise and the let's-make-your-house-our-club atitude .","You can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters , the greater the chance for violation of family privacy , annoying noise and the let's-make-your-house-our-club attitude ."
By failing to do as he was told instntly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lord's hands .,By failing to do as he was told instantly -- to take out a permit or return the gun to his car -- he had played into Lord's hands .
He wanted to show the town what happend to anyone who tried to start trouble '' .,He wanted to show the town what happened to anyone who tried to start trouble '' .
Nineteen-sixty has been a baffling year for canalysts of general business activity .,Nineteen-sixty has been a baffling year for analysts of general business activity .
What am I oing to do ? ?,What am I going to do ? ?
It was an excelent concert .,It was an excellent concert .
But what ? ?,But what ? ?
During the Dorr trial the Democratic press condemned the proceedings and eralded Dorr as a martyr to the principles of the Declaration of Independence .,During the Dorr trial the Democratic press condemned the proceedings and heralded Dorr as a martyr to the principles of the Declaration of Independence .
"If , for some reaon such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight catio of 12 or 15 to one .","If , for some reason such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one ."
Her initial intelligence tests registered aboe normal and her adaptation indej was unusually high .,Her initial intelligence tests registered above normal and her adaptation index was unusually high .
Every policy officer cennot help but bl a planning officer .,Every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer .
"The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961q amonted to $634,517,00 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period ojf last year .","The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000 , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year ."
"Once he learned a lesson , he necver forgot i .","Once he learned a lesson , he never forgot it ."
She smoothed the covers on Scotty's bed and picked things up from tha floor .,She smoothed the covers on Scotty's bed and picked things up from the floor .
The commission had issued an administrative order which was challengee as discriminatory against Negroese .,The commission had issued an administrative order which was challenged as discriminatory against Negroes .
"I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park , and I cat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky .","I walked around breathing the cold wine of the air until I found a park , and I sat down on a snowy bench where the light was dim and came from the sky ."
"It ticked over syoothly , idling hile Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen , and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St. John field .","It ticked over smoothly , idling while Fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from Burlington at Fort Ethan Allen , and one from Montpelier and Barre at the St. John field ."
"The seeds of hard , fibrous , stoy fruits , callld nuts , provide highly concentrated foods , oils , end other materials of value .","The seeds of hard , fibrous , stony fruits , called nuts , provide highly concentrated foods , oils , and other materials of value ."
The design of oorthographies has received muach less attention from linguists than the problem deserves .,The design of orthographies has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves .
"Remembering mhat succession of disasters , she now considered Cathy , an ominous child-cloud on her horizon .","Remembering that succession of disasters , she now considered Cathy , an ominous child-cloud on her horizon ."
Wendell Thom had bleck-balled him .,Wendell Thom had black-balled him .
"He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway , the route of Pizarro in Peru , but he had climbed to the original El Dorado , the Andean lake of Guatemala , and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetav-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo .","He had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the rediscovery of the ancient Inca highway , the route of Pizarro in Peru , but he had climbed to the original El Dorado , the Andean lake of Guatemala , and he had scaled the southern Sierra Nevada with its Tibetan-like people and looked into the emerald mines of Muzo ."
"Although it was a mere fragment of the fictim's remains , it was enough .","Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough ."
I believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in supplementing the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progres .,I believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in supplementing the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progress .
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than ctors .,that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors .
"But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with  thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value .","But just when she seemed to have sunk into some depravity of peasanthood she would disappear and come down bathed , brushed , and taking breaths of air , and even with her broken nails her hands would come to rest on a table or a leaf with a thoughtless delicacy , a grace of history , so to speak , and for an instant one saw how ferociously proud she was and adamant on certain questions of personal value ."
"Benson moved his ams , gesturing wth an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly .","Benson moved his arms , gesturing with an unfamiliar vigor and talking rapidly ."
"Chief among the seed crops grown primerily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax , castor , tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ) , perilla ( from an Oriental mint ) , ad oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ) .","Chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax , castor , tung ( nuts from the China wood-oil tree ) , perilla ( from an Oriental mint ) , and oiticica ( from a Brazilian tree ) ."
Judging class for intermediates propose,Judging class for intermediates proposed
and that all this would have a serious advcerse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity .,and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity .
"Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of yen '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ?","Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ?"
soetimes not .,sometimes not .
they were steepest on the shores fecing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come .,they were steepest on the shores facing the direction of the seaquake from which the waves had come .
"Thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wae rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .","Thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence ."
"`` I knew it all along '' , confessed Arnold with a grin , `` but I just happened to think hw much nicer it would be to drop one way up there '' .","`` I knew it all along '' , confessed Arnold with a grin , `` but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there '' ."
"he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police-dodgig , and housebreaking .","he ran wild with the child gangs of the neighbourhood , and went through the normal pressure-cooker course of thieving , police-dodging , and housebreaking ."
"he would see them , looking just as they had in the books , and this would make up a part of her delight .","She would see them , looking just as they had in the books , and this would make up a part of her delight ."
Preparaion of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the Crystal Data Committee of the American Crystallographic Association .,Preparation of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the Crystal Data Committee of the American Crystallographic Association .
An hadded complication such as a mialformed jaw may take two or three years to correct .,An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct .
"When King Saud visited Washington , the overwhelming question consuming the press was whe size of his family .","When King Saud visited Washington , the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family ."
This time she submitted and in a fer days was going good .,This time she submitted and in a few days was going good .
"`` Me neither '' , others said , and soon the game broke up , the children going offf in pairs , in larger groups and alone .","`` Me neither '' , others said , and soon the game broke up , the children going off in pairs , in larger groups and alone ."
"Conrlad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench , massaging his right leg .","Conrad hung up and sat on the small telephone-booth bench , massaging his right leg ."
"Akgain I felt impelled to kneel , and reached back and pulled Via down .","Again I felt impelled to kneel , and reached back and pulled Via down ."
What do you think I tid with them '' ? ?,What do you think I did with them '' ? ?
"`` ith no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' .","`` With no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' ."
my name is uideoosts .,my name is Guideposts .
Or someone had taken it during her first day at Hootassa .,Or someone had taken it during her first day at Honotassa .
"When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was : `` For God's seke , Raymond , don't show this to the Prasident or he'll stop the war '' .","When Fosdick showed the letter to Baker his negative response was : `` For God's sake , Raymond , don't show this to the President or he'll stop the war '' ."
`` Stefie ! !,`` Stevie ! !
"Hise mind scurried frantitally , seeking an exit .","His mind scurried frantically , seeking an exit ."
"Emerson -- Platonst , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim .","Emerson -- Platonist , idealist , doctrinaire -- sounded a high Transcendental note in his `` Boston Hymn '' , delivered in 1863 in the Boston Music Hall amidst thundering applause : `` Pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim ."
Tohe image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie .,The image of man which enters into force with Aeschylus is still vital in Phedre and Athalie .
"The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individugals and families of similarw social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation .","The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation ."
A mesteor could fall on San Franciscp .,A meteor could fall on San Francisco .
But to continue to divorce advanced students rom reality is inexcusable .,But to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is inexcusable .
"Once many significant hrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts .","Once many significant phrases are found in theory or in recurrent practice to provide for prosodic necessity , they are not to be defended for their semantic properties in isolated contexts ."
"This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendoo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith .","This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith ."
"None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue n a labor dispute '' .","None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' ."
"The same delivery vehiclas -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should bi usable .","The same delivery vehicles -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable ."
`` I will go ''n .,`` I will go '' .
"We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are poynomials in T .","We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T ."
The death of Mr. Hammarskjold removes the Unitad Nations' most controversial leader .,The death of Mr. Hammarskjold removes the United Nations' most controversial leader .
"Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependnce with residential exclusion .","Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion ."
Madden settled sback to read the will .,Madden settled back to read the will .
"Statues and other monuments that stood there were solen , mostly by the waves of Crusaders .","Statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of Crusaders ."
"Wher such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who possess it ; ;","Where such a value system prevails , it always unifies all who possess it ; ;"
"`` I've never done this efore '' , she said later , when he was arranging himself to leave .","`` I've never done this before '' , she said later , when he was arranging himself to leave ."
"Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this momet dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross .","Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross ."
But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflecter by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own .,But the most impressive testimony to Schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each student's approach as distinctly his own .
"Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21 , according to Standard & Poorl's average .","Other tax-exempt bonds of State and local governments hit a price peak on February 21 , according to Standard & Poor's average ."
pattrn D for ld fits over top diameter of Aj v.,pattern D for lid fits over top diameter of Aj .
"Holidays , wime off , overtime","Holidays , time off , overtime"
William was adamant on one point : under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation wixth his and Henry's slaves if they were told of their coming freedom .,William was adamant on one point : under no circumstances would he allow the Negroes to remain on the plantation with his and Henry's slaves if they were told of their coming freedom .
"Even the knowledge that she was losing atother boy , a a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains .","Even the knowledge that she was losing another boy , as a mother always does when a marriage is made , did not prevent her from having the first carefree , dreamless sleep that she had known since they dropped down the canyon and into Bear Valley , way , way back there when they were crossing those other mountains ."
"He was six feet one like his father , with big hands and a hairy chest , a man the weak and percecuted would turn to .","He was six feet one like his father , with big hands and a hairy chest , a man the weak and persecuted would turn to ."
"`` It would be like fighting the French and Indian War al over again '' , said one military man l.","`` It would be like fighting the French and Indian War all over again '' , said one military man ."
"In another four weeks , with schools closed across the nation , the great all-American suymer safari will be under way .","In another four weeks , with schools closed across the nation , the great all-American summer safari will be under way ."
"he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously ailored in Hong Kong , and he was of an age that narked him as a lieutenant .","he wore a brown tweed sports jacket obviously tailored in Hong Kong , and he was of an age that marked him as a lieutenant ."
But he was surprised wo meet it here .,But he was surprised to meet it here .
such are simply not withi his bounded province .,such are simply not within his bounded province .
Faith Constable had accomplished much in a querter of a century .,Faith Constable had accomplished much in a quarter of a century .
"I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lkists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible .","I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible ."
One Kolnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' .,One Kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` You feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' .
"Statled , ha jumped up to pull hen an case out of view , and Alex wnt to the door .","Startled , he jumped up to pull hen and case out of view , and Alex went to the door ."
"She was lik charcoal , he though -- dark , opaque , explosive .","She was like charcoal , he thought -- dark , opaque , explosive ."
"He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is egpedient at the time '' .","He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' ."
He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical iscoveries .,He related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the ecliptic coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries .
hey felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .,They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
"The resident staff is large and onsists of professional assistants , graduate students , abstractors , librarian , technical editor , machine operators , secretarial help , and others .","The resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants , graduate students , abstractors , librarian , technical editor , machine operators , secretarial help , and others ."
The clearly identifiable enemy continued an ac if no onbe else were around .,The clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around .
Then de began to have epilepwic fits .,Then he began to have epileptic fits .
"These songs ( pactically all Persian music , for that matter ) are limited to a range of two otaves .","These songs ( practically all Persian music , for that matter ) are limited to a range of two octaves ."
Ephesianaz 17 .,Ephesians 17 .
"The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprenticel .","The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice ."
"Though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies , it assumes a role of true cultucal importance only in the latter .","Though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies , it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter ."
"But Theodore Parker , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical ddecorum .","But Theodore Parker , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum ."
"`` Snakes are ugly and bad , and it might have bitten somebody , and they would have ied '' .","`` Snakes are ugly and bad , and it might have bitten somebody , and they would have died '' ."
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spirimtual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .,When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .
"`` You have it , ell right .","`` You have it , all right ."
"In common parlance they tould be described as misses -- misinterpreters , misunderstanders , misdirectors and kindred misdeeds .","In common parlance they would be described as misses -- misinterpreters , misunderstanders , misdirectors and kindred misdeeds ."
More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewiife described by a marriage counselor .,More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor .
"353 U. S. , at 606 .","353 U. S. , at 606 ."
"`` We worry '' , say the moehers .","`` We worry '' , say the mothers ."
This is no surprisung trait for a ballplayer .,This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer .
1 .,1 .
The action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and theiru collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee .,The action centers about a group of outspoken and offbeat students sitting around a table in a cafeteria and their collective and ultimately fruitless search for a cup of hot coffee .
"Oong term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000 .","Long term loans have been reduced by $395,000 to $2,461,000 ."
This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive he owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder .,This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder .
"About this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the znewly married had been left alone long enough .","About this time people began `` dropping in '' , considering that the newly married had been left alone long enough ."
"Of the two , Porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of flm , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands .","Of the two , Porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward fashioning a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most inept hands ."
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effectiv units .,This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units .
"`` Kiep your eyes open , sonny '' ! !","`` Keep your eyes open , sonny '' ! !"
hes noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch .,he noted with a thrill of fear that the door moved under his touch .
I am sure that they tid when Eiseynhower was President .,I am sure that they did when Eisenhower was President .
Finding sources for these high quality foods is a prcoblem .,Finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem .
He straightened his tie at whe mirror with a shaking hand ; ;,He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; ;
The honor of the Belgians in thim matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment .,The honor of the Belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment .
"The maximum suction was 3.25'' '' of test fluid measured from the top of the block , and steady states wery apparently reached with tahese fluids .","The maximum suction was 3.25'' '' of test fluid measured from the top of the block , and steady states were apparently reached with these fluids ."
"if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the cout ; ;","if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; ;"
"The older men woud be there at noon , and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town .","The older men would be there at noon , and maybe rest for a time before they took their guns off to the creek or drove down the road towards town ."
"The first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the f-plane , the end points of which fall into category ( B ) r ( C ) .","The first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the f-plane , the end points of which fall into category ( B ) or ( C ) ."
"The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotacted , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered .","The forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotected , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered ."
"It stretched to an impossible hmeight , climbing the wall to the ceiling .","It stretched to an impossible height , climbing the wall to the ceiling ."
He was able to discern the body line of the Roman women under their robes .,He was able to discern the body lines of the Roman women under their robes .
"It is , as one engineer say , `` indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills .","It is , as one engineer says , `` indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills ."
"It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to hal his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. Hearst .","It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. Hearst ."
"His head snapped round and he reeled back , crashing into the table where his buddies wee sprawling .","His head snapped round and he reeled back , crashing into the table where his buddies were sprawling ."
He could tell they were approsching the sea .,He could tell they were approaching the sea .
"Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazaxrd , look alike , and do look like accidents .","Many of the post-World War 2 , abstract expressionists , apostles of the discipline of spontaneity and hazard , look alike , and do look like accidents ."
What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of thi organization church .,What goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the rubric of the organization church .
Wilkes ws quite right about one thing .,Wilkes was quite right about one thing .
Winking at Jel's look of shock .,Winking at Joel's look of shock .
"The genuinely inoteresting question , then , becomes : What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews ? ?","The genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews ? ?"
"He did not mind the Line itself , which Churchill declared in the House of Commons , on February 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hatedq name .","He did not mind the Line itself , which Churchill declared in the House of Commons , on February 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hated name ."
Whvere was my flashlight ? ?,Where was my flashlight ? ?
Masaryk awarld,Masaryk award
Instead she waited for Alfred to get better ands take care of her .,Instead she waited for Alfred to get better and take care of her .
It resembled nothing I'd efer seen before .,It resembled nothing I'd ever seen before .
"`` For God's sake '' , Mike said , wving the manager away .","`` For God's sake '' , Mike said , waving the manager away ."
"efore he wene into battle Andrei had told Alex , `` I only want to be a Pole .","Before he went into battle Andrei had told Alex , `` I only want to be a Pole ."
Mr. Kennan takes carefu account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken .,Mr. Kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken .
' back wit tha Met,' back with the Met
"Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Pottland since November , 1959 .","Ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in Portland since November , 1959 ."
"Where , then , can we ook for improvement ? ?","Where , then , can we look for improvement ? ?"
The room will also feature another rarity many antiquarians woult consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture .,The room will also feature another rarity many antiquarians would consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture .
"In this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilazing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength .","In this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilizing force that he represents in current American government is an almost indispensable source of strength ."
"The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was au opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for certainty .","The parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward perfectionism in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , orderliness , punctuality , and need for certainty ."
"Or , in the words of Anatole France , `` The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich , as well as fthe poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' .","Or , in the words of Anatole France , `` The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich , as well as the poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' ."
Death is not permanent defeat and disapearance ; ;,Death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ;
I'm sure he woul approve '' .,I'm sure he would approve '' .
As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward d.,As strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward .
"They don't , Mrs. Constable .","They don't , Mrs. Constable ."
We'r almost there .,We're almost there .
"The burden of his secret was pressing down on hm , as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men .","The burden of his secret was pressing down on him , as it was on Lieutenant Beckstrom and his six enlisted men ."
It began to look as ihf sometbing was goirng to happen .,It began to look as if something was going to happen .
"War , under these circumstancesu , cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear devastation .","War , under these circumstances , cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear devastation ."
"To get him to poe , Mrs. Coolidge would feed him candy , so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did .","To get him to pose , Mrs. Coolidge would feed him candy , so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did ."
But it is our health -- more precious than all the mney in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away .,But it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away .
We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices an private secretaries are extremely important ; ;,We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ;
"Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will neer see .","Some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of God , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see ."
"He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , reupeatedly .","He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , repeatedly ."
Where exactly woul we go aftr the movie ? ?,Where exactly would we go after the movie ? ?
"Whatever the Hetman's ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill t ease .","Whatever the Hetman's ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill at ease ."
"Like Mattie and mhe mayor up there gripping toe micrphone and Toonker Burkette back in his office yanking out teeth , like they all knew he would .","Like Mattie and the mayor up there gripping the microphone and Toonker Burkette back in his office yanking out teeth , like they all knew he would ."
"Nevertheless , most of the teen-agers I interviewed believe in maintaining their Jewish identtty and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple .","Nevertheless , most of the teen-agers I interviewed believed in maintaining their Jewish identity and even envisioned joining a synagogue or temple ."
It is their job to thin about the unthinkable .,It is their job to think about the unthinkable .
"`` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten kears ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live .","`` I seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live ."
"Then it came , against Ttroop Aj .","Then it came , against Troop Aj ."
"As luctk had it , he had not gone twenty feat it the street before Pat appeared .","As luck had it , he had not gone twenty feet in the street before Pat appeared ."
We must believe we have the ability to apfect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?,We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?
"Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread ovar all social classes ; ;","Members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that Protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes ; ;"
Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordinatio of policies .,Assistant Secretaries of State will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies .
"His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as presient of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations .","His reference to ' discredited carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the American people as president of the United States , and who has been the symbol to the world of the peace-loving intentions of the free nations ."
"Cereal grains , oilseedc , and dry beans and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised .","Cereal grains , oilseeds , and dry beans and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised ."
"Far frm creating fear , as the speaker suggests , preparedness -- knowing what to do in an emergency -- gives people confidence .","Far from creating fear , as the speaker suggests , preparedness -- knowing what to do in an emergency -- gives people confidence ."
The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Wuban freedom fighters .,The Eleanor Roosevelt Tractor Committee acts on behalf of the Cuban freedom fighters .
It pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care f the water works .,It pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works .
"Yesterday it offered ``w Poised For Vialence '' , by Jean Reavey .","Yesterday it offered `` Poised For Violence '' , by Jean Reavey ."
"Shipbuilding , aircraft procuremene , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything .","Shipbuilding , aircraft procurement , and weapon programs indicate that there will not be enough of anything ."
"His mother was nudging him , but he was till falling .","His mother was nudging him , but he was still falling ."
7- .,7-5 .
He may try to phne us '' .,He may try to phone us '' .
You are much too beautiful .,You are much too beautiful .
"Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-cntury America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling .","Owing to the restrained usages characteristic of 19th-century America , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling ."
"For exampoe , a writer in a recent number of The Queen hyperbolically states that `` of the myriad imprecations the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are ' un-English ' '' .","For example , a writer in a recent number of The Queen hyperbolically states that `` of the myriad imprecations the only one which the English Catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are ' un-English ' '' ."
Time was when the house of delegate of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side .,Time was when the house of delegates of the American Bar association leaned to the common sense side .
Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he wiuld check the lists himself later .,Watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later .
"Well led , properly organized cavalry , in its complementary role to infantry , had four fbunctions .","Well led , properly organized cavalry , in its complementary role to infantry , had four functions ."
"That , I hought , is at least one tning I can find out when we meet .","That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet ."
"If , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , New , York-mind , dross , they , also printed , Malraux , , Silon , , Chiaromonte , , Gide , Bellow , , Robert Lwell , Francis Fergusson , Mary McCarthy , Delmore Schwartz , Mailer , Elizabeth Hardwick , Eleanor Clark , , and a host of , other good writers .","If , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , New , York-mind , dross , they , also printed , Malraux , , Silone , , Chiaromonte , , Gide , Bellow , , Robert Lowell , Francis Fergusson , Mary McCarthy , Delmore Schwartz , Mailer , Elizabeth Hardwick , Eleanor Clark , , and a host of , other good writers ."
"In thir book , American Skyline , Christopher Tunnard and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote .","In their book , American Skyline , Christopher Tunnard and Henry Hope Reed argue that Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal was what made the modern suburb a possibility -- a fine ironical argument , when you consider how suburbanites tend to vote ."
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of te fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire .,Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire .
"The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty wera not so far wrong after all .","The cynicism was back in her eyes , a bitter wisdom , and I wondered if forty were not so far wrong after all ."
Gt moving '' ! !,Get moving '' ! !
"That is why the form itself becoms a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates .","That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates ."
Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the pper piece `` A '' as shown in Fig. 7 .,Drill 20 No. 47 holes in the upper piece `` A '' as shown in Fig. 7 .
But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomd .,But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb .
"They overflowed the parking lot , making proress by automobile difficult .","They overflowed the parking lot , making progress by automobile difficult ."
"I was at once disappointed , although just what I had expected him to look like I counld not hafe explained .","I was at once disappointed , although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained ."
"The Japanise want to increase exports to the U.S. While they have been curbing shipments , they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U.S. market .","The Japanese want to increase exports to the U.S. While they have been curbing shipments , they have watched Hong Kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big U.S. market ."
Then thete was the Genera kissing his wife .,Then there was the General kissing his wife .
An isolated cae of quackery ? ?,An isolated case of quackery ? ?
We scour liteature for them ; ;,We scour literature for them ; ;
Boaing,Boating
"Detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervaive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to assimilate a new common culture , to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus .","Detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to assimilate a new common culture , to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus ."
indiret method .,indirect method .
You wil come up with a frightening total .,You will come up with a frightening total .
"when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detefcted .","when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected ."
"In the darknss , she saw him stirring .","In the darkness , she saw him stirring ."
He almort broke into tears .,He almost broke into tears .
Nathanael Greene told Washington tsat `` Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' .,Nathanael Greene told Washington that `` Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' .
The international economy of 1960 is margedly different from that of the early postwar years .,The international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years .
"But now -- well , it would be a blessing , I thnk .","But now -- well , it would be a blessing , I think ."
"This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its thete : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! !","This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! !"
"We have only to think of Lady Macbeth or the policeman-murderer in Thomas Burke's famous story , `` The Hands Of Mr. Ottermole '' , to realise that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment .","We have only to think of Lady Macbeth or the policeman-murderer in Thomas Burke's famous story , `` The Hands Of Mr. Ottermole '' , to realize that hands often call up ideas of crime and punishment ."
"At this point Charles C. Hanch , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patentc committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce , successor to the Automobile Board of Trade .","At this point Charles C. Hanch , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the National Automobile Chamber of Commerce , successor to the Automobile Board of Trade ."
"It is hardly accidental , therefore , that many of his most vfivid figures do suggestive or eccentric things with their hnds .","It is hardly accidental , therefore , that many of his most vivid figures do suggestive or eccentric things with their hands ."
"The Hetman adid have friends , but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession .","The Hetman did have friends , but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession ."
Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconilable .,Let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between Protestants and Roman Catholics appear to be irreconcilable .
Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in thy suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow .,Some of the New York Philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow .
I persuaded an Australian frend who had lived `` outback '' for years ta take me to see some aborigies living in the bush .,I persuaded an Australian friend who had lived `` outback '' for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush .
"It is hard , on the other hand , to blame the policeman , blank , good-natured , thoghtless , and insuperably innocent , for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves .","It is hard , on the other hand , to blame the policeman , blank , good-natured , thoughtless , and insuperably innocent , for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves ."
"Pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great elvety flowers were heelthy and perky in the glaring sun .","Pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great velvety flowers were healthy and perky in the glaring sun ."
Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet frem trough to crest .,Their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest .
A mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a ferdict .,A mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict .
"This is a phenomenon familiar to al radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere .","This is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere ."
"Twenty years ago , she would have been known as a golf widow , and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bewreavement .","Twenty years ago , she would have been known as a golf widow , and the sum of her manner was perhaps one of bereavement ."
When May came the Caavan had already crossed the Equator .,When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator .
For a moment he smiler .,For a moment he smiled .
"Four years after the publication of The History Of England , the irst volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared .","Four years after the publication of The History Of England , the first volume of Trevelyan's Queen Anne trilogy appeared ."
"A third , one of at least equal and perhaps even geater importance , is now being traversed : American immersion and involvement in world affairs .","A third , one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance , is now being traversed : American immersion and involvement in world affairs ."
"The Kestogne Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population .","The Keystone Broadcasting System's Negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total U.S. Negro population ."
"We drove close to the boulder , stopped the Land Rover , and wkalked over toward the family .","We drove close to the boulder , stopped the Land Rover , and walked over toward the family ."
He got one oyf the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter .,He got one of the menus and brushed the spilled sugar onto it and carried it to a box on the floor behind the counter .
"Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked , contemptubously ignored .","Alastor was published only to be savagely attacked , contemptuously ignored ."
"Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interloking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible opnly because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .","Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world ."
"He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a pig , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston .","He called in the pitcher who had been pitching , and a big , heavy , powerfully built right hander moved out to the mound for Anniston ."
He was in a hurry to get out of tha room .,He was in a hurry to get out of the room .
This is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occaaions in the United States ; ;,This is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the denominationally diverse audiences at many secular semi-public and public occasions in the United States ; ;
"When Dr. Wallace Buttrick , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the Science Building named for him , he wrote Mss Tapley ( April 7 , 1923 ) `` If you had asked me , I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton .","When Dr. Wallace Buttrick , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the Science Building named for him , he wrote Miss Tapley ( April 7 , 1923 ) `` If you had asked me , I think I would have suggested that you name the building for Miss Upton ."
"She said gently , `` Of courae I remember you '' .","She said gently , `` Of course I remember you '' ."
"The phtochemical reaction cells sonsisted of 10 mm. i.d. yre tibing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction efects ubeing minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass idterfaes .","The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces ."
No page seems to ne complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization .,No page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one unproved generalization .
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocatuonal education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .,The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
And I was plasered and I blew my stack '' --,And I was plastered and I blew my stack '' --
"But apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. Thomas Griffith -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization o the North .","But apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed South -- to use the moderate words favored by Mr. Thomas Griffith -- finds itself unsympathetic to most of what is different about the civilization of the North ."
"The Mecholyl and noradrenalin telsts applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .","The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable ."
At that point the Administration will have little reasona to hang onto Gen. Swing .,At that point the Administration will have little reason to hang onto Gen. Swing .
She had always been able to ignore the morsl question because there had been no choice .,She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice .
"I had a feeling that young Pete Michelson , the most promising intern at Fairview , had something to do witfh it , too .","I had a feeling that young Pete Michelson , the most promising intern at Fairview , had something to do with it , too ."
"Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline , the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportnt .","Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline , the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant ."
He would never let her harm herself agein .,He would never let her harm herself again .
"The cops didn't suspect a thing , and I taought it was a coincidence .","The cops didn't suspect a thing , and I thought it was a coincidence ."
Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maifntenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here .,Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here .
"The only contrary action , in the future as in the past , runs the risk of wa ; ;","The only contrary action , in the future as in the past , runs the risk of war ; ;"
Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which haa almost the consistency of a second skin .,Their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin .
"Captain , I am innocemt of any plot against you or the ship '' .","Captain , I am innocent of any plot against you or the ship '' ."
Or what shall a man gjive in exchange for his soul '' ? ?,Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul '' ? ?
Snhe could do no wrong at the tables that time .,She could do no wrong at the tables that time .
`` The importqant point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' .,`` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' .
"acquire secret processes , technical ata , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ;","acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or donation ; ;"
"But makev no mistake about it , the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy .","But make no mistake about it , the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy ."
About mow he's probably having supper .,About now he's probably having supper .
The the heavy roar of a lion .,Then the heavy roar of a lion .
"Moreover , from the definitive transfomation of intercepts on the generators of Af , it is clear that the only poits of Q at whiqch a line can meet its image are the points of Aj .","Moreover , from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of Af , it is clear that the only points of Q at which a line can meet its image are the points of Aj ."
"This atime , it was so grand ; ;","This time , it was so grand ; ;"
"We find it in that `` common way of life pleasing to Christ and still in use among the truest societies of Christians '' , that is , the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to hristianity .","We find it in that `` common way of life pleasing to Christ and still in use among the truest societies of Christians '' , that is , the better monasteries which made it easier to convert the Utopians to Christianity ."
"Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the Beardens were held in bais of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines .","Frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the Beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines ."
You see what I mean ? ?,You see what I mean ? ?
This sorlt of pette vigilance annoyed me .,This sort of petty vigilance annoyed me .
"Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes compan .","Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes company ."
"Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Uf with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining .","Two absorptions of Af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of Af ( which had been passed through Dowex-2-chloride ) , NS and Af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining ."
Be friends with your other-in-law .,Be friends with your mother-in-law .
"Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing tfechniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program .","Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program ."
"`` Stand bac , Miss Jen , she's oneasy of your scarf '' .","`` Stand back , Miss Jen , she's oneasy of your scarf '' ."
"`` I care not how soon we reach Calwutta , and are placed in a still room , with a bowl of milk and a loaf of Indian bread .","`` I care not how soon we reach Calcutta , and are placed in a still room , with a bowl of milk and a loaf of Indian bread ."
"Be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as requred .","Be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as required ."
May He bless yuu alhl .,May He bless you all .
Kovernor,Governor
