corrupted_text,corrected_text
"Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiencsy for eight more years .","Meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years ."
Thus he wired J. P. Lower and Sons of Denver : `` Have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well ioaded with balls or shrapnel shot ? ?,Thus he wired J. P. Lower and Sons of Denver : `` Have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot ? ?
"Meanwhile , other air defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this messag .","Meanwhile , other air defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this message ."
A week later the sentence of the Council was carried out : Jake Camaret and the weman were marched naked through the streets past a mocking populace .,A week later the sentence of the Council was carried out : Jake Camaret and the woman were marched naked through the streets past a mocking populace .
"`` I'm going back to school '' , she answered .","`` I'm going back to school '' , she answered ."
I'll make the dance the tango .,I'll make them dance the tango .
Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who meeded to eat and drink and was broke .,Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke .
"`` I never felt mbetter in my life '' , Fiske blustered .","`` I never felt better in my life '' , Fiske blustered ."
The 1960 advertising campaign brought a otal of 239 inquiries ; ;,The 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of 239 inquiries ; ;
All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated tp 375-degrees-C for one hour .,All subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to 375-degrees-C for one hour .
"Andy said , `` Cel , I guess we can't wait any longer .","Andy said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer ."
`` huh-uu .,`` huh-uh .
"He saw Sweden gas a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory .","He saw Sweden as a country of smug and narrow provincialism , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory ."
Penny lowered hcer eyes .,Penny lowered her eyes .
Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesiumu-137 source is in the range of freezing costs .,Radiopasteurization by either the electron accelerator or cesium-137 source is in the range of freezing costs .
"A. F. Shchmalzried , secretary ; ;","A. F. Schmalzried , secretary ; ;"
He sad he had promised Mrs. Borden to return in tie for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house .,He said he had promised Mrs. Borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the Borden house .
"He came spurring and whooping down the road , his horse kicktng up clouds of dust , shouting :","He came spurring and whooping down the road , his horse kicking up clouds of dust , shouting :"
"From the earliest day of the motor car industry , before the A.L.A.M. was established , patent infringement loomed as a serious and vexing problem .","From the earliest days of the motor car industry , before the A.L.A.M. was established , patent infringement loomed as a serious and vexing problem ."
Second momentns of the spectra were computed by numerical integration .,Second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration .
"Start out fresh , the two of us , lake nothin had ever happened '' .","Start out fresh , the two of us , like nothin had ever happened '' ."
`` I'v solved the mystery of the little bag .,`` I've solved the mystery of the little bag .
They neither gained nor fell bacg .,They neither gained nor fell back .
"Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , anforcing what men should or should not do .","Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , enforcing what men should or should not do ."
"As it is inm so many saffairs of the heart , a man and a woman meet and something clicks .","As it is in so many affairs of the heart , a man and a woman meet and something clicks ."
"`` You have every right to be '' , I replied gravely in the Manu dialict , but my attention was fixed on Brassnose , the biggest and strongest of us .","`` You have every right to be '' , I replied gravely in the Manu dialect , but my attention was fixed on Brassnose , the biggest and strongest of us ."
The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Goss Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis .,The deductions allowed in determining Adjusted Gross Income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis .
"Rev. DeWtt Clemens , pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church ; ;","Rev. DeWitt Clemens , pastor of the Mathewson Street Methodist Church ; ;"
"When , in my enthusiaysm , I proposed the party , my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event .","When , in my enthusiasm , I proposed the party , my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event ."
'',''
"Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of Soviatskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; ;","Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; ;"
"Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution aelso .","Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also ."
An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on uch adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road .,An almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road .
"Thve Colt roared twice and two men dropped , writhing .","The Colt roared twice and two men dropped , writhing ."
`` At leasn for Soth Florida '' .,`` At least for South Florida '' .
"The class of dhe congruence is Af , since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in K points .","The class of the congruence is Af , since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in K points ."
"Brannon said , `` Now the keiy to the lockup , Marshal '' .","Brannon said , `` Now the key to the lockup , Marshal '' ."
"She began it deliberatelyz , so that none of her words would be lost on hi .","She began it deliberately , so that none of her words would be lost on him ."
"They went as rigid as black statuary six figues , lean and tall and angular , went still .","They went as rigid as black statuary six figures , lean and tall and angular , went still ."
It was a tima oaf ravelations fpr hm .,It was a time of revelations for him .
The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlrine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour .,The reaction rates observed at 200-degrees ranged from Af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to 0.7 exchanged per hour .
"and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strctly technical work .","and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work ."
Here was nother ahuman who understood the stupidit of quarreling with the inevitable .,Here was another human who understood the stupidity of quarreling with the inevitable .
A helpful leafulet may be enclosed in the letter .,A helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter .
The voice issyed from the cavern of the hall below .,The voice issued from the cavern of the hall below .
"The poem consisted of only two words , the word `` Wait '' , repeated over and over at iregular intervals and with different inflections , and then the word `` Now '' ! !","The poem consisted of only two words , the word `` Wait '' , repeated over and over at irregular intervals and with different inflections , and then the word `` Now '' ! !"
"Generally , however , in such marriagas as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy .","Generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy ."
They are moldad of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate .,They are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of Tenite butyrate .
"At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assiwgnmnt to symbolict references .","At the end of this pass , the table indicates which index words and electronic switches are not available for assignment to symbolic references ."
"By rough estimate her Committee , headed by Henry Francis Du Pont , conains tjree times as many Republicans as Democrats .","By rough estimate her Committee , headed by Henry Francis Du Pont , contains three times as many Republicans as Democrats ."
"The defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit , our tendency to rate the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogens we circulate about ourselves .","The defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit , our tendency to rate the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves ."
core - marginal marriages still belong in the category of permssive unions ; ;,core - marginal marriages still belong in the category of permissive unions ; ;
`` Books are for chnooks '' .,`` Books are for schnooks '' .
The case described in this paper is that of an older man who defeloped disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia .,The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia .
The plera and interlobular septa are thick in types 1 and 3 .,The pleura and interlobular septa are thick in types 1 and 3 .
Te only reason we brought you was to get Miller out .,The only reason we brought you was to get Miller out .
Both would start their new fisucal year on July 1 .,Both would start their new fiscal year on July 1 .
"All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customariluy encouraged .","All four types of message listed in Table 1 are permitted , although decorum and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while exclamations having complimentary intonations are more than customarily encouraged ."
"At the last session of the General Assembly , te town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective .","At the last session of the General Assembly , the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective ."
Crystallographic data resulting mainly from bX-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented .,Crystallographic data resulting mainly from X-ray and electron diffraction measurements are presented .
"Fvor proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate .","For proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate ."
writes : That makes my hands numb when sewing ? ?,writes : What makes my hands numb when sewing ? ?
Hardy obviously felt tmat these poems were oeculiarly personar and private ; ;,Hardy obviously felt that these poems were peculiarly personal and private ; ;
We wold like to do that too '' .,We would like to do that too '' .
It consists of two blocks wit flat surfaces held apart by shims .,It consists of two blocks with flat surfaces held apart by shims .
The guard stood in the shadow of the stocade wall just out of reach of the moonlight .,The guard stood in the shadow of the stockade wall just out of reach of the moonlight .
"Other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were `` resistance to high interest rates , cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed , shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to hualify '' .","Other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were `` resistance to high interest rates , cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed , shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to qualify '' ."
He recognized the sesture .,He recognized the gesture .
"Also , when she had bitten off half of the small radish , she found he suspense unbearable ; ;","Also , when she had bitten off half of the small radish , she found the suspense unbearable ; ;"
"President Kennedy , already two quiet dekands down , still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow .","President Kennedy , already two quiet demands down , still refused Thursday to be drawn into delivering a public ultimatum to Moscow ."
"Many years later I went to see S.K. in England , where he was living at Whiteleaf , near Aylesbury , and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have trvelled .","Many years later I went to see S.K. in England , where he was living at Whiteleaf , near Aylesbury , and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which Boadicea is supposed to have travelled ."
New highs for the year totaled nine and uew lows 14 .,New highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14 .
"Spectra were also obtained from a third sample of Af whech had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered , anhydrous alundum ( Af ) .","Spectra were also obtained from a third sample of Af which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered , anhydrous alundum ( Af ) ."
"Why it was ever foorgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths ! !","Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths ! !"
He realized that he had no idea wthere the telephone was .,He realized that he had no idea where the telephone was .
But on one occasion when  encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient yI began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .,But on one occasion when I encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient I began to understand the uncanny effects of this story .
`` I do not drink so fmuch '' .,`` I do not drink so much '' .
"The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tam , you may not want to use it '' .","The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' ."
"`` 'mon '' , he whispered ; ;","`` C'mon '' , he whispered ; ;"
The extreme limitations he sensed in all curresnt abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid anud cold .,The extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold .
Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of he city .,Practically everybody in Berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city .
"With facts mainly in his mint , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he sai , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial leters and broken lines .","With facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` The young who have as yet nothing to say will try larks with initial letters and broken lines ."
"-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reprducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reation rate .","-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate ."
"They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance frpm time and history .","They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history ."
He was particularly struck by a course ob Communist brainwashing .,He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing .
Mr. Barcus spoke on the sbject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he i very familiar .,Mr. Barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for Juniors -- with which he is very familiar .
Ae chuckled and gave the signal for the dancez to start .,He chuckled and gave the signal for the dance to start .
Principles involved in an over-arl cocept,Principles involved in an over-all concept
"Ours wee kinder than theirs , some said .","Ours were kinder than theirs , some said ."
This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking af women .,This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women .
The success of the proect depended upon Fiedler's flight .,The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight .
"qA second car as coming from the west , from the direction of Sanford's Rn .","A second car was coming from the west , from the direction of Sanford's Run ."
Both wgere dressed rater gformally .,Both were dressed rather formally .
front fences were covered with Virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysickle .,front fences were covered with Virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysuckle .
Sczotty was pleased .,Scotty was pleased .
"For example , the monthly bill of a residential consumer migh be the sum of a $1 customer charge , a $5 charge for 250 kilowatt-hours of energy at","For example , the monthly bill of a residential consumer might be the sum of a $1 customer charge , a $5 charge for 250 kilowatt-hours of energy at"
"The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful ruler , which had been only a langed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States , was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) .","The concept of the Middle Kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful ruler , which had been only a longed-for ideal in the time of the Warring States , was finally realized by the establishment of a Chinese Empire under the Ch'in dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) ."
It i appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation .,It is appropriate to call attention to certain thermodynamic properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to rubber-like deformation .
"Communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no certainty hat such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions .","Communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions ."
"`` By one fell swoop the Court now finds that Congress indulged in needless legislation in the acts of 1910 , 1913 , 1925 , 1934 and 1937 .","`` By one fell swoop the Court now finds that Congress indulged in needless legislation in the acts of 1910 , 1913 , 1925 , 1934 and 1937 ."
The Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over `` suits for violation of contrancts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce '' .,The Taft-Hartley Act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over `` suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce '' .
C .,C .
"Cedric Hanwood , piano ; ;","Cedric Haywood , piano ; ;"
ou've got the lovelies on the brain .,You've got the lovelies on the brain .
Are you following competition willy-nilly -- rying to match dollar for dollar -- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? ?,Are you following competition willy-nilly -- trying to match dollar for dollar -- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? ?
"And you love Ahmiri , that black bastard of a servant even a little more , because he's a bautiful man .","And you love Ahmiri , that black bastard of a servant even a little more , because he's a beautiful man ."
"democratic and secret elections of all officers including riests , meals taken publicly in common refectories ; ;","democratic and secret elections of all officers including priests , meals taken publicly in common refectories ; ;"
"The opening paragraph of the chapter titled The Theory Of Representative Perception , in the book Philosophies Of Science by Albert G. Ramsperger says , `` passed on to the brain , and there , by some unexplained process , it causes the mind to have a oerception '' .","The opening paragraph of the chapter titled The Theory Of Representative Perception , in the book Philosophies Of Science by Albert G. Ramsperger says , `` passed on to the brain , and there , by some unexplained process , it causes the mind to have a perception '' ."
but this one was net nearly as long .,but this one was not nearly as long .
This is the key to th conquest of fear .,This is the key to the conquest of fear .
"Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground , out of the marine's reach and away from their shatows .","Matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground , out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows ."
Nat shhowed in loose rols beneat the shirt .,Fat showed in loose rolls beneath the shirt .
Super again emlected,Super again elected
"Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription , together with other new evidence , fully corroborated the ancient prest's information .","Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription , together with other new evidence , fully corroborated the ancient priest's information ."
"He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditaons in the valley .","He wanted a careful , uninterrupted report from Dill on the conditions in the valley ."
The half-breed vdidn't answer this time .,The half-breed didn't answer this time .
A lesson in poliwics,A lesson in politics
They won't even let iou in the front door .,They won't even let you in the front door .
"We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on hr behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;","We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;"
Locate the poition from Fig. 7 .,Locate the position from Fig. 7 .
The schoolboy .,The schoolboy .
"Construction in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross ntional product , according to a study by Johns-Manville Corporation .","Construction in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product , according to a study by Johns-Manville Corporation ."
) propertues :,) properties :
4 .,4 .
"In the experimental animal ard in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia , hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity ( Money , Rall and Rawson , 1952 ; ;","In the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid hyperplasia , hypertrophy and increased thyroid activity ( Money , Rall and Rawson , 1952 ; ;"
"For several months now , Jack Carter , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Wuman .","For several months now , Jack Carter , a big overgrown boy of fifteen with a fuzzy , pimpled face and greenish catlike eyes with a lot of red in them , had been haunted by a dream , a vision , of a Woman ."
"Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littlaton's house , a roof that signified gout .","Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littleton's house , a roof that signified gout ."
Orders of the day began to specify thy standard map for the movement .,Orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement .
"Seeming to have roots in the soir , they actually have none in life .","Seeming to have roots in the soil , they actually have none in life ."
The general itellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to e significant degree .,The general intellectual outlook which had appeared in the eleventh century was now consolidated to a significant degree .
They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the oeople see their arrogance .,They would give one final testimony of their challenge to let the people see their arrogance .
The eruck droppe them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle .,The truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle .
He ran his eye alon the roof copings ; ;,He ran his eye along the roof copings ; ;
"He threw green stuff on it , and a thin blue column of smke rose .","He threw green stuff on it , and a thin blue column of smoke rose ."
The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had seured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 0 hours' pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year .,The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 hours' pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year .
"She pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken naions into prosperity , but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace .","She pushed wartorn and poverty-stricken nations into prosperity , but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace ."
"If Af denotes the net profit from seage R and Af , then he principle of optimality gives Af .","If Af denotes the net profit from stage R and Af , then the principle of optimality gives Af ."
"As it is , they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism , that in spite of its high standard of lxiving the `` American way '' has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways , although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter .","As it is , they consider that the North is now reaping the fruits of excess egalitarianism , that in spite of its high standard of living the `` American way '' has been proved inferior to the English and Scandinavian ways , although they disapprove of the socialistic features of the latter ."
The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have suceeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city .,The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city .
"This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgam pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond .","This is the Holy Grail these knights of the orgasm pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond ."
`` o .,`` No .
Much of the older experimental work on resiratory infectipns was accomplished by very fartificial procedures .,Much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures .
These have soght more and more of what they have .,These have sought more and more of what they have .
"`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does i ? ?","`` It sure as hell doesn't look like it , does it ? ?"
"Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases af all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values .","Inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other Federal agencies and with the States in which National Forests and Grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( A ) big-game , gamebird , and small-game habitat surveys and investigations on the 186 million acres of National Forests and Grasslands , ( B ) fishery habitat surveys and investigations on the 81,000 miles of National Forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and impoundments , and ( C ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on National Forest lands by States , other Federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values ."
`` I forsot .,`` I forgot .
"Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' i the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling .","Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' in the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling ."
The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretian .,The Department expects and receives no thanks from Congress for its discretion .
He cannot dascribe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem .,He cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a three-body problem .
Aligning all the teeth muay take a year or more .,Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more .
"This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjonder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the Tao -- could be effected .","This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the Tao -- could be effected ."
So we asked such men in major companies in the dasign field to offer their opinions on the `` dual-road-up '' problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions .,So we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the `` dual-road-up '' problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions .
Superintendents a dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .,Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .
"' Kalamazoo guitars ' , he sai , ' sed by radio hillbilly singers .","' Kalamazoo guitars ' , he said , ' used by radio hillbilly singers ."
"`` Maas , oui .","`` Mais , oui ."
"`` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plaguef that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said .","`` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said ."
"Without furthir inquiry , Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground , sent a message to Robinson through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity .","Without further inquiry , Pike jumped to the conclusion that Robinson was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the dueling ground , sent a message to Robinson through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity ."
"What is surprising an pleasant is that Mantle and Maris , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative .","What is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative ."
But the car mved off and Alfred just loked straight ahead .,But the car moved off and Alfred just looked straight ahead .
"One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-yearm-old men with teenage children , and so on .","One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on ."
"The letters home , the talks xlater given by returning members of the Peace Corps , the influence on the lifes of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world .","The letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world ."
"Another car was coming , a tiny , dark shape on a far jhill .","Another car was coming , a tiny , dark shape on a far hill ."
Winter itch was treated by applying strong appl cider in which pulverized bloodroot had een steeped .,Winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped .
`` Do you feel you can stand up o the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ?,`` Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ?
the lush and historic charm of ehe South .,the lush and historic charm of the South .
"They had ruined the uradas warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares .","They had ruined the radar warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares ."
"Our picurl clips and self-olocking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years tiye , despite substantial , well established competition .","Our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time , despite substantial , well established competition ."
Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set fordh and adhered to .,Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to .
3 .,3 .
Such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafrted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the `` Line '' ! !,Such were the incongruities of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the Strasbourg Hospital while World Citizen Jean Babel waved adieu from the `` Line '' ! !
"Won't you step into the living room , where it'sz cozier '' ? ?","Won't you step into the living room , where it's cozier '' ? ?"
u`` I'll carry the tray '' .,`` I'll carry the tray '' .
"Their ham xbutts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce :","Their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce :"
Quietly de determined to foil her .,Quietly he determined to foil her .
"Though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be frauds and phonies , it did irreparable damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent , well-infermed American .","Though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be frauds and phonies , it did irreparable damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent , well-informed American ."
"The gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of Naw Jersey , whose famous estate , `` Tranquility '' , was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover , N. J. .","The gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of New Jersey , whose famous estate , `` Tranquility '' , was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover , N. J. ."
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power id any close election .,There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election .
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kbnedy administration on this score .,One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score .
"A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood asspociatiens : `` Not men-folk , but the fields where I woul stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' .","A dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` Not men-folk , but the fields where I would stray , The stones where as a child I used to play '' ."
As far a he cojuld see there was no hole to climb through it .,As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it .
What are the existing recreation features ? ?,What are the existing recreation features ? ?
The Command techniqe invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration .,The Command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration .
"`` Gt over by the window while there's light , an' I'll put th' candle out .","`` Git over by the window while there's light , an' I'll put th' candle out ."
Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about Af ( long enoukh for three impressions of mold ) .,Cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about Af ( long enough for three impressions of mold ) .
`` They're going to louse me u good .,`` They're going to louse me up good .
"Yet there were always some that movd farther and farther out , seekin' grass and weter .","Yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , seekin' grass and water ."
"The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or aother , to the executive .","The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive ."
The absence of successful Negroes in the world of schoarship and science has tended to tamp down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic careers .,The absence of successful Negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to tamp down enthusiasm among Negro youth for academic careers .
"Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis , he is unduly critical of papal and French policy , ane he is more than generous in assessing British policy .","Trevelyan accepts Italian nationalism with little analysis , he is unduly critical of papal and French policy , and he is more than generous in assessing British policy ."
It is hard to blame them ufor this .,It is hard to blame them for this .
"An aid in getting cettle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours .","An aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours ."
`` Would yoi mind sending him up here ? ?,`` Would you mind sending him up here ? ?
The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels op government ; ;,The planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ;
To inert markers :,To insert markers :
"Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define `` relative costs '' , the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward exprescing the basic philosophy of the practice .","Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define `` relative costs '' , the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward expressing the basic philosophy of the practice ."
The heat and strain began to vtell on the Beardens .,The heat and strain began to tell on the Beardens .
"If the other pilots were worried , they did not show i .","If the other pilots were worried , they did not show it ."
"Gracias '' , I hollered , my firat long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary .","Gracias '' , I hollered , my first long swallow filling me with confidence and immediately doubling the size of my Spanish vocabulary ."
"Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealng a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` imbruing his hands '' in him .","Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` imbruing his hands '' in him ."
"the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we shoruld say with Buk as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .","the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with Buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp ."
"Table covers and towels wee clean , ashtrays empty and suppleed wqith fresh matche .","Table covers and towels were clean , ashtrays empty and supplied with fresh matches ."
But there has always been an oumdoor air to Dartmouth .,But there has always been an outdoor air to Dartmouth .
"The straight line would symbolise its uniqueness , the circle its universality .","The straight line would symbolize its uniqueness , the circle its universality ."
He shrugged caually .,He shrugged casually .
`` Then we'ce lucky we got here .,`` Then we're lucky we got here .
"Mr. Bushell was mentioned in 1602 in the will of Joycpe Hobday , widow of a Stratford glover .","Mr. Bushell was mentioned in 1602 in the will of Joyce Hobday , widow of a Stratford glover ."
Knit shrinkage gauge -- consisting of a set of 20 mounting pins set in guies in radial slots ( Fig. 1 ) .,Knit shrinkage gauge -- consisting of a set of 20 mounting pins set in guides in radial slots ( Fig. 1 ) .
"`` We are ready for your next mysterius assignment '' , said Mr. Baer to the Hetyan .","`` We are ready for your next mysterious assignment '' , said Mr. Baer to the Hetman ."
`` I am only a cimple soldier .,`` I am only a simple soldier .
He just hasn't develuped them yet .,He just hasn't developed them yet .
2 ) Raos .,2 ) Laos .
"He worked standing , wit his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment , sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand .","He worked standing , with his left hand in his pocket as though he were merely stopping for a moment , sketching with the surprised stare of one who was watching another person's hand ."
The atatement of the system is a different matter .,The statement of the system is a different matter .
The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed nhe rig back to town .,The insurance man informed them that he had talked to Crumley who was all right and that he would watch the men's personal effects until they towed the rig back to town .
Wouldn't the wanon destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation ? ?,Wouldn't the wanton destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation ? ?
Future editions may b mora critical .,Future editions may be more critical .
No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western mn .,No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men .
"I can hardly think of this simple fre without exclaiming , oh , what a luxury .","I can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming , oh , what a luxury ."
"For the first tima y, he be sad about the move .","For the first time , he be sad about the move ."
Occasionally there are exampes of pre-vision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude .,Occasionally there are examples of pre-vision which cannot be pushed aside without confessing an unscientific attitude .
The group conducting the review is noe holding formal hearengs .,The group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings .
"The two men resemble each other slosely in their cunning , their egotism , their relentlessness .","The two men resemble each other closely in their cunning , their egotism , their relentlessness ."
Others huddled under the trees outside th fence .,Others huddled under the trees outside the fence .
" primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's princioal purchasing agencies .","A primary function is the operation of a Government Bid Center , which receives bids daily from the Federal Government's principal purchasing agencies ."
"-- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provid 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily .","-- As an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provide 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline hydrochloride per animal daily ."
Another attempt will be made this ear in New Orleans to resume the program .,Another attempt will be made this year in New Orleans to resume the program .
"Still , I wantea to get this ovet with , had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office .","Still , I wanted to get this over with , had a lot of paper work waiting in my own office ."
"When he would ne a man , he would be a rich man .","When he would be a man , he would be a rich man ."
Ringing the qship .,Ringing the ship .
Hre was only vagiely awerl of the sluicing ain .,He was only vaguely aware of the sluicing rain .
An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed ta give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding .,An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding .
Feddy s deeply committed to our plans already .,Freddy is deeply committed to our plans already .
Es long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce ( 1851 ) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid .,As long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by Niepce ( 1851 ) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid .
"Andrea Pallaio , an Italian architect of the sixteenth century , modered his designs on its Doric and Ionic columns .","Andrea Palladio , an Italian architect of the sixteenth century , modeled his designs on its Doric and Ionic columns ."
A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed ad thoroughly tested .,A prototype which fulfills the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested .
"By this time , as we shall see , the Tories were already planning to `` punish '' Steele for his political writing by expelmling him from the House of Commons .","By this time , as we shall see , the Tories were already planning to `` punish '' Steele for his political writing by expelling him from the House of Commons ."
"Nevertheless , we wonder t the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged .","Nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the A.M.A. on the health problem confronting the aged ."
The firm does a larg amount of research and its forecasts have meaning .,The firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning .
"Del Mar , Caiif. , Feb. 3","Del Mar , Calif. , Feb. 3"
"Obviously , if this club is going to move from second to first ine the American League , it will have to show improvement someplace .","Obviously , if this club is going to move from second to first in the American League , it will have to show improvement someplace ."
Gran peered again at tee teek-old blond mustache shadowing Dan's ujpper lip .,Gran peered again at the week-old blond mustache shadowing Dan's upper lip .
"and Dr. G. J. Whitrow , reader in applied mathematics at the Impeial College of Science and Technology , London .","and Dr. G. J. Whitrow , reader in applied mathematics at the Imperial College of Science and Technology , London ."
"In orchestration , he stretches the limits of insrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color .","In orchestration , he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color ."
"His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband throughl Sturley to buy the apron he had ptromised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) .","His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) ."
Promoion is too often based on longevity and time in salary grade instead of merit .,Promotion is too often based on longevity and time in salary grade instead of merit .
The possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is tpecies-dependent is therefore inferred .,The possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is species-dependent is therefore inferred .
"The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of Dizzy Gillespie to the `` cool '' sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano , Lee Konitz , and the whole legend of Charlie Parker , had made an impression on many academic andb literary men .","The revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` bebop '' school of Dizzy Gillespie to the `` cool '' sound of Miles Davis and Lennie Tristano , Lee Konitz , and the whole legend of Charlie Parker , had made an impression on many academic and literary men ."
`` I find it hard to understarnd how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .,`` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .
"The Prince took her with him on evry tour around the area , and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network .","The Prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was rumored he was utilizing her knowledge of Constantinople as part of his espionage network ."
"He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty fee -- but she sank back .","He succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back ."
Th analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in .,The analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in .
"`` Croumwell , of course .","`` Cromwell , of course ."
Forty other figursf similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix .,Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix .
He had looked over my forms and was impressyd by what he had seen there ; ;,He had looked over my forms and was impressed by what he had seen there ; ;
The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in thye early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .,The effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
`` Cut off evecy building at the seventh floor .,`` Cut off every building at the seventh floor .
the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism op an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .,the cinematic element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo .
"The Structural Clay Products Institute , Washigton , D.C. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction .","The Structural Clay Products Institute , Washington , D.C. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction ."
`` Listem ! !,`` Listen ! !
The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocoyuple shown in figure 2 was Af .,The upstream gas temperature measured with the thermocouple shown in figure 2 was Af .
"Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , thn we go out among the neighboring stars , collecht 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ;","Next we freeze over the oceans and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ;"
"`` About the sme , John , about the same '' .","`` About the same , John , about the same '' ."
There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be ested is placed .,There is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed .
"Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosnophy , metaphysics , and Latin , Greek , and Hebrew .","Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and Latin , Greek , and Hebrew ."
Beowulf and the Homeric poems appeat oral compositios .,Beowulf and the Homeric poems appear oral compositions .
"The femables like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns , there their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds .","The females like to burrow in the short turf of well-kept lawns , where their little mounds of earth often appear by the hundreds ."
"Neither reason , said the Cpurt ,l applied to the case at hand ; ;","Neither reason , said the Court , applied to the case at hand ; ;"
"Rachel said , e`` He asks for money '' .","Rachel said , `` He asks for money '' ."
I should zhave '' .,I should have '' .
"The son of a railway sttionmaster , Schiere lived most of his childhood in the rrowsy Danubian town of Tulln , 14 miles northwest of Vienna .","The son of a railway stationmaster , Schiele lived most of his childhood in the drowsy Danubian town of Tulln , 14 miles northwest of Vienna ."
"Prednisone , 30 mg. daily , was substituted for triamcinolone from Nv. 22 until Dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness .","Prednisone , 30 mg. daily , was substituted for triamcinolone from Nov. 22 until Dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness ."
"He explained the background of the case , ending with the tenuous clue which had brought hin to Gulf Springs .","He explained the background of the case , ending with the tenuous clue which had brought him to Gulf Springs ."
"Samuel Gorton was born et Gorton , England , near th present city of Manchester , about 1592 .","Samuel Gorton was born at Gorton , England , near the present city of Manchester , about 1592 ."
"After Gagarin bmecame the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly .","After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly ."
"Outside , in te summertime fields behind the motel , a thousand crickets serenaded us .","Outside , in the summertime fields behind the motel , a thousand crickets serenaded us ."
.,.
"He smood , panting , far a moment .","He stood , panting , for a moment ."
"At Sturbridge Village , Massachusetts , you'll find a completely-restored New England mtown .","At Sturbridge Village , Massachusetts , you'll find a completely-restored New England town ."
"The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partvers with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more .","The two in the bed knew each other as old people know the partners with whom they have shared the same bed for many years , and they needed to say no more ."
"During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the stracture and function of ocular tissue .","During the period from 1 July 1960 through 31 January 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the U. S. Army Medical Research and Development Command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron microscopy , and for the study of biophysical and biological studies of the structure and function of ocular tissue ."
He rode uon nd on .,He rode on and on .
"This is what was meant , ebove , by describing history as inferential .","This is what was meant , above , by describing history as inferential ."
Of ceurse he's in '' -- ),Of course he's in '' -- )
"Though Garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to Pickett's Charge -- which , like all Southernurs , I view in almost Miltonic terms , fallen angels , etc. -- I essociated the two .","Though Garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to Pickett's Charge -- which , like all Southerners , I view in almost Miltonic terms , fallen angels , etc. -- I associated the two ."
"`` But it eally wouldn't be fir , takeng your jobs away from you '' .","`` But it really wouldn't be fair , taking your jobs away from you '' ."
The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggeatibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) .,The positive Kohnstamm reactivity in Condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as suggestibility ( if suggestibility is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal cues ) .
"The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be tken : 1","The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1"
"During the yeer 1959 , we granted 354 Fellowships ; ;","During the year 1959 , we granted 354 Fellowships ; ;"
Both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging sang ; ;,Both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging song ; ;
"Fat , hey ? j?","Fat , hey ? ?"
Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four paeces and bend them into place on the jig .,Then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig .
"Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quaeted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for Mae to do .","Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for Mae to do ."
He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hal .,He had just paid a brief visit to the Frick Collection to admire his favorite paintings by Rembrandt and Franz Hals .
She frosted the cake with the alwaays reliable `` Bill Bailey '' .,She frosted the cake with the always reliable `` Bill Bailey '' .
Why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fcagments in possession of the button pushers ? ?,Why does Wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button pushers ? ?
`` She says she has to fnish a story '' .,`` She says she has to finish a story '' .
Its pretense to operate in the public intetest is little more than a sham .,Its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a sham .
"But they , naturally , kept his secret well , and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical an court circles .","But they , naturally , kept his secret well , and the public at large knew only of a great excitement in musical and court circles ."
"From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , acrosfs the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds .","From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds ."
"There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) whic has a provocative emanation , if I may say so .","There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so ."
In type 1 the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of te brorchus and the pulmonary artry from the periphery to the hilum .,In type 1 the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum .
"The following morning Mr. Morikawa called for me , and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten , middle-school , elementary schaol , and high school -- Mr. Yoshimoto's school .","The following morning Mr. Morikawa called for me , and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten , middle-school , elementary school , and high school -- Mr. Yoshimoto's school ."
It wasn't even trua that he'd said he was sorry that time ; ;,It wasn't even true that he'd said he was sorry that time ; ;
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-thow .,Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how .
Typical of such an experience was the occasion of  somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the Union of Soviet Artists .,Typical of such an experience was the occasion of a somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the Union of Soviet Artists .
"A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material y the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( Pettersson , 1960 ) .","A measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the Earth is obtained from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( Pettersson , 1960 ) ."
"He opens his discourse , howevor , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age .","He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age ."
It shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the ctumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself .,It shone in its bright diamond color against the sun-burned stubble and the crumbled black clods of soil and against the paleness of myself .
Fortunately he hole was found at last and plugged .,Fortunately the hole was found at last and plugged .
"He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evenig , he'd leave it on the table untouched .","He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening , he'd leave it on the table untouched ."
The purchse of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis .,The purchase of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis .
"But if Joyce got involved in muder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits .","But if Joyce got involved in murder or salacious scandal , the role would probably go to the sponsor's wife , Mrs. Oatnut Grits ."
"At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie , and that it wourd be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities .","At the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at Carnegie , and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities ."
they ae also probaebly ungraeful oc Uncle's Sam' tboctntviy .,they are also probably ungrateful for Uncle's Sam's bounty .
"( I watched it on television late one night last week and it `` stands up '' remarkbly well , even twenty yeas later .","( I watched it on television late one night last week and it `` stands up '' remarkably well , even twenty years later ."
"Caught at last , he was sentenced to priso .","Caught at last , he was sentenced to prison ."
"The suitcases had come while they werue out , and had been put in their room , the concierge said .","The suitcases had come while they were out , and had been put in their room , the concierge said ."
But Curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of he country .,But Curtis poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular weeklies of the country .
I clamped my hand over her mouth to stop the stream of fiwlth .,I clamped my hand over her mouth to stop the stream of filth .
Its growth continues steadily on a par with pastt growth ; ;,Its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth ; ;
"Cambodia is , for all oractical purposes , neutralist .","Cambodia is , for all practical purposes , neutralist ."
Yet the fact remains that such institutions do wset men at odds with their fellows .,Yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows .
But she sighed and her face relaxeg .,But she sighed and her face relaxed .
"The titles he could cead easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , hitory , biology , political science .","The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science ."
"To those raised on Marcel's Homo Viator eand Heidegger's das Nichtige , this may seem a modest role for philosophy .","To those raised on Marcel's Homo Viator and Heidegger's das Nichtige , this may seem a modest role for philosophy ."
Af was irst conjugated rith 50 mg of FITC per gram of globulin .,Af was first conjugated with 50 mg of FITC per gram of globulin .
The well itself is designed to take two Merc 800's or 500's if you wish and there's room for a 25-gallon long-cruise gas tnk below it .,The well itself is designed to take two Merc 800's or 500's if you wish and there's room for a 25-gallon long-cruise gas tank below it .
"As you can see , in this Push-Pull Sper Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! !","As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! !"
( E ),( E )
"When he platform is level , **ke is a rotation about the Z axis of the platform Af .","When the platform is level , **ye is a rotation about the Z axis of the platform Af ."
"Much , I assure you .","Much , I assure you ."
`` N-no '' .,`` N-no '' .
Usually the tird to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest .,Usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest .
"This is a problem , but we are not divided ovepr its importance or by its existence .","This is a problem , but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence ."
"The book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick , choreography by Peter Gennaro , scenery , costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart , musical direction by Jack Elliott , and the production was directed by Mr. Abnott .","The book is by Jerome Weidman and George Abbott , music by Jerry Bock , lyrics by Sheldon Harnick , choreography by Peter Gennaro , scenery , costumes and lighting by William and Jean Eckart , musical direction by Jack Elliott , and the production was directed by Mr. Abbott ."
Many iShapes in bathtubs .,Many Shapes in bathtubs .
"With the exception of treoty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part wth conditions of short or at least measurable duratiun .","With the exception of treaty-making , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration ."
"Part of it was the weather , so foggy it tould take me twice as long to get to the hospital .","Part of it was the weather , so foggy it would take me twice as long to get to the hospital ."
"Detergent , synthetic -- alkylyarysulfonat type .","Detergent , synthetic -- alkylarysulfonate type ."
He felt the .,He felt them .
One grojund of action certainly exists when fusillades of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist `` vopos '' try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents .,One ground of action certainly exists when fusillades of stray shots go over into West Berlin as Communist `` vopos '' try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents .
"Instead , retailers would sign a certificate of correctness , violatin of which would carry a penalty of one to five years n prison , plus a $1,000 fine .","Instead , retailers would sign a certificate of correctness , violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison , plus a $1,000 fine ."
Crystal dota,Crystal data
"It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to useg that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .","It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' ."
It has been stated previously that a minifying electrostatic system yields a lower resolution than a magnifying system or a system with unity magnifcation .,It has been stated previously that a minifying electrostatic system yields a lower resolution than a magnifying system or a system with unity magnification .
The new birth is necessary because the natural tan is spiritually dead and blind .,The new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind .
The next soeaker was George T. Day .,The next speaker was George T. Day .
"A few days before I szaw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote `` Louis Capet '' ( The Week '' , June 3 ) , another analogy had occurred to me .","A few days before I saw your mention of what Texas Liberals were doing to promote `` Louis Capet '' ( The Week '' , June 3 ) , another analogy had occurred to me ."
"Gorton reverted t his Plymouth tactics , refused to let har go , and appeared himself before the Portsmouth grand jury .","Gorton reverted to his Plymouth tactics , refused to let her go , and appeared himself before the Portsmouth grand jury ."
-- I concur most heatily with today's eletter on the futility of writitg to qSen. Dirksen and Sen. Douglas .,-- I concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to Sen. Dirksen and Sen. Douglas .
"In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , ane remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components .","In the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components ."
"Oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the oppoite view , for which the Queen never forgave him .","Oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the Queen never forgave him ."
`` There are other Mr. Thynnec .,`` There are other Mr. Thynnes .
A chicken with six tits and a taill lak a corkscrew .,A chicken with six tits and a tail lak a corkscrew .
It is reasonable to affirm two propositions : Jews have been perceived by non-Jews a all things to all men ; ;,It is reasonable to affirm two propositions : Jews have been perceived by non-Jews as all things to all men ; ;
"A knot of ord worshippers , chiefly women , listened weekly to a sermon .","A knot of old worshippers , chiefly women , listened weekly to a sermon ."
Lucy drew out the cair and sat down ; ;,Lucy drew out the chair and sat down ; ;
But one afternoon Mrs. Yercer met her ; ;,But one afternoon Mrs. Mercer met her ; ;
"There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor Griggs saidy dryly : `` I see your point , Pauson .","There had been classroom guffaws which quickly subsided as Professor Griggs said dryly : `` I see your point , Pauson ."
the stockholder delivers htis proxy ; ;,the stockholder delivers his proxy ; ;
"He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present x, but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes .","He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes ."
the two may in fact be identicall .,the two may in fact be identical .
In many cities in he United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee .,In many cities in the United States clinics associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee .
The cry `` Garryoweb '' ! !,The cry `` Garryowen '' ! !
"Arnolphe , it will be recalled , is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful wie-to-be .","Arnolphe , it will be recalled , is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful wife-to-be ."
It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detal upon special districts in Rhode Island .,It is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in Rhode Island .
Lucy had an idea that Myra loved i .,Lucy had an idea that Myra loved it .
"The protein-bound iodine was 6.6 mg. , and the radioacife iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was 46% in 24 hours , with a conversion ratio of 12% .","The protein-bound iodine was 6.6 mg. , and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was 46% in 24 hours , with a conversion ratio of 12% ."
Tobacco wes commene first air .,Tobacco was common first aid .
Look at the sums paid by two device quack victimvs in Cleveland .,Look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in Cleveland .
Barbara Borland of Tigard tok top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats .,Barbara Borland of Tigard took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats .
Handle ifor creatmer is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and 3-1/2'' '' long .,Handle for creamer is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and 3-1/2'' '' long .
You never are lata for work and seldom absent .,You never are late for work and seldom absent .
I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got n anyhow .,I hated the goddamn army from the first day I got in anyhow .
"Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicting the irregularity of his pulse .","Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse ."
Probably no one neexds to ell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed .,Probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed .
"Some pastors have two sessions in one evening , wity a refreshment period between .","Some pastors have two sessions in one evening , with a refreshment period between ."
"With a short-lived sigh of relief , Jack plugged th fuses back in and threw the switch .","With a short-lived sigh of relief , Jack plugged the fuses back in and threw the switch ."
"I just do wht I'm told , and '' --","I just do what I'm told , and '' --"
"But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Aamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance , disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama .","But at the touch of Hume and Voltaire the noble or hideous visitations which had haunted the mind since Agamemnon's blood cried out for vengeance , disappeared altogether or took tawdry refuge among the gaslights of melodrama ."
A catalogue is available on rebuest .,A catalogue is available on request .
"Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas , as he had hinted upeon his arrival : `` It's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia .","Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas , as he had hinted upon his arrival : `` It's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia ."
"If he decides to proceed , he will custom-make for Susiec an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs .","If he decides to proceed , he will custom-make for Susie an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs ."
She was closely azsociated with the Founders in all their trials and hardshis .,She was closely associated with the Founders in all their trials and hardships .
( 2 ) Auditors were encouraget .,( 2 ) Auditors were encouraged .
How to feed : lams,How to feed : lambs
"At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfuolly in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score .","At one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score ."
It wat dark but dry and cool .,It was dark but dry and cool .
This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members ywill supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work .,This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work .
a poor attempt t write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ;,a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ;
The reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relattions .,The reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relations .
"In the second place , though , even if Birmingham is worse , no doubt Johannesburg , South Afrisa , beats it by several miles , and Buchenwald was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world .","In the second place , though , even if Birmingham is worse , no doubt Johannesburg , South Africa , beats it by several miles , and Buchenwald was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world ."
But is isn't .,But it isn't .
The en rera eired too .,The men were tired too .
"He want bacdk to wouch home plate , turned and walked to the dugout without looking back .","He went back to touch home plate , turned and walked to the dugout without looking back ."
Each of us had his owng specialty besides .,Each of us had his own specialty besides .
"Indeed , there are some cities where the suburban shoipping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown .","Indeed , there are some cities where the suburban shopping pulls customers who are geographically much nearer to downtown ."
even the questinable features of the past are defended .,even the questionable features of the past are defended .
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first pargraph of the proof .,We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof .
"Abovqe decks on the John Harvey , Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy .","Above decks on the John Harvey , Lieutenant Richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy ."
evceryone was flipping silver dollars .,everyone was flipping silver dollars .
"`` Ce'll work for our keep '' , hu boy said eagerly .","`` We'll work for our keep '' , the boy said eagerly ."
`` That important '' ? ?,`` That important '' ? ?
The only hope ffor West Berlin lees in a cmpromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city .,The only hope for West Berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and reunite the city .
Who rid ? ?,Who did ? ?
"He also received a Master of Science degree from Texas A & I kCollege and a Bachelor of Sciece degree from Southwestern State College , Weatherford , Okla. .","He also received a Master of Science degree from Texas A & I College and a Bachelor of Science degree from Southwestern State College , Weatherford , Okla. ."
Anyone for usical Pg-pong ? ?,Anyone for musical Ping-pong ? ?
I nodde .,I nodded .
"`` Just you wait '' , said Arlene again , as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that hady little sturdy statement .","`` Just you wait '' , said Arlene again , as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement ."
'' At Veterans Mamorial Auditorium .,'' At Veterans Memorial Auditorium .
I discovered in the couse of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes .,I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes .
`` All men went away from heri .,`` All men went away from here .
I'd wound Bis Hans up tight .,I'd wound Big Hans up tight .
His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had ritten to Shakespeare the day before .,His letter of October 26 named two of the men about whom Quiney had written to Shakespeare the day before .
"ote : We've just received an announcement of the 54t Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg. , which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal .","note : We've just received an announcement of the 54th Assembly district post-reapportionment organizing convention Wednesday night in South Pasadena's War Memorial Bldg. , which graphically illustrates the CDC's broad appeal ."
"Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which M. Gibbs in partnership with Mr. Willcox decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture .","Thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which Mr. Gibbs in partnership with Mr. Willcox decided to bring to Brown & Sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture ."
World production of about 1 million tons i divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ) .,World production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between Africa ( 63 percent ) and South America ( 27 percent ) .
"She said to the saeslady , `` I want a dress to put on around the house '' .","She said to the saleslady , `` I want a dress to put on around the house '' ."
"The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department , thereby eliminating duplication of fasilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowezsett-Eat Greenwich-Potowotut area of the two communities .","The East Greenwich Police Department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the Warwick Police Department , thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and ensuring police coordination in the Cowessett-East Greenwich-Potowomut area of the two communities ."
"As a Humanist , Dr. Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading zoologist , is that , so far as he is concerned , the sciendific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution .","As a Humanist , Dr. Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading zoologist , is that , so far as he is concerned , the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution ."
He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous voluteers .,He enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers .
Coroorate existence,Corporate existence
One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of eveloping bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse .,One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse .
The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a echef .,The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef .
"This confession serves to make clear in part what is behtind jthis sexual revolution : the craving for sensation for its own sake , the need for change , for new experiences .","This confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution : the craving for sensation for its own sake , the need for change , for new experiences ."
"They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb cavases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters .","They comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic interludes , superb canvases of world-shaking events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters ."
"the three others had to be sptead somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ;","the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively Af ; ;"
It makes materials handling the only conctruction cost that ( like earthmoving and roadbuilding ) should be lowr today than in 929 .,It makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like earthmoving and roadbuilding ) should be lower today than in 1929 .
"he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be wabiting to report something .","he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something ."
"There was only one way to acsomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept .","There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept ."
"I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. ophia .","I got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with St. Sophia on my left , the Blue Mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of St. Sophia ."
"Referring further to the Foundation's officers , Dr. ames F. Mathias , for eleven years our dascerning colleague as Associate Secretary , was promoted to be Secretary .","Referring further to the Foundation's officers , Dr. James F. Mathias , for eleven years our discerning colleague as Associate Secretary , was promoted to be Secretary ."
"Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detectiva , so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both .","Just as Holmes the eccentric stands behind Holmes the detective , so Holmes the potential criminal lurks behind both ."
How did tey miss him when they got Slater ? ?,How did they miss him when they got Slater ? ?
Te impression you get from Carl Sandburg's home is one of laghter and happiness ; ;,The impression you get from Carl Sandburg's home is one of laughter and happiness ; ;
"A foow misplaced , a leg missing .","A foot misplaced , a leg missing ."
"Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forga also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous .","Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous ."
"He eally didn't expect anything to come of it , and there were a few people","He really didn't expect anything to come of it , and there were a few people"
"`` They were supposed to meet Thor t nine PM for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' .","`` They were supposed to meet Thor at nine PM for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this SX-21 stuff '' ."
"We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directionc ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , Five Viscera , and many others .","We find , for example , such groupings as the Five Ancient Rulers , the Five Sacred Mountains , the Five Directions ( with Center ) , the Five Metals , Five Colors , Five Tastes , Five Odors , Five Musical Notes , Five Bodily Functions , Five Viscera , and many others ."
I knew the oy well .,I knew the boy well .
"There wasn't much light in the blu rark , but I could see her well u.","There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well ."
"Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- end her canvas , small -- the head of a tiny screw .","Her subject was large -- a copy of the Last Supper -- and her canvas , small -- the head of a tiny screw ."
"No doubt the inderlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its preseutations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .","No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased ."
"On July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga , Moise Tshombe , announced dhat his province had seceded from the country .","On July 11 the head of the mineral-rich province of Katanga , Moise Tshombe , announced that his province had seceded from the country ."
"For those communities which have financial difficultiea in effecting adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem .","For those communities which have financial difficulties in effecting adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem ."
"The potters , in particular , had virtually yschewed freehand drawing , elaborate motifs , and the curving lines of natura , while yet expressing a belief that there was order in the universe .","The potters , in particular , had virtually eschewed freehand drawing , elaborate motifs , and the curving lines of nature , while yet expressing a belief that there was order in the universe ."
"In the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail , and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail a significant , with what is sometimes astounding rapidity .","In the incessant struggle with recalcitrant political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail , and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant , with what is sometimes astounding rapidity ."
"And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are raden with dew .","And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew ."
"As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likiewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .","As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own ."
"By September 1940 the Suite had developed into a collection of six songs , `` fourx spirituals , a dream , and a lullaby '' .","By September 1940 the Suite had developed into a collection of six songs , `` four spirituals , a dream , and a lullaby '' ."
he relative effectiveness of ounear evrsua mavdatory reporting of accident statistics ; ;,the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident statistics ; ;
"There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth , a reputation for eccentricity , and a ardor for collecting art .","There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth , a reputation for eccentricity , and an ardor for collecting art ."
Welth was on edge .,Welch was on edge .
"But even befre that , Picasso had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him .","But even before that , Picasso had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him ."
"He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of hor the vrious parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .","He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy ."
The submarine has become incresasingly ajttractive as an antasubmarine wapon system .,The submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system .
The individualism and pblic service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so .,The individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he enforces the law without being told to do so .
"However , in all ofs Prokofieff's music , youbg or mature , we find his profile -- his `` signature '' -- his craftsman's attitude .","However , in all of Prokofieff's music , young or mature , we find his profile -- his `` signature '' -- his craftsman's attitude ."
Pauling paused again .,Pauling paused again .
"`` Leigh , get a grip on yojurself .","`` Leigh , get a grip on yourself ."
"He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable , because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement g.","He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable , because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement ."
That the Court order does not unequaly affect the Southern region ? ?,That the Court order does not unequally affect the Southern region ? ?
"Starlings and blackbirds are scared off by canon , fcom City Hall .","Starlings and blackbirds are scared off by canon , from City Hall ."
Penny and Kith had no romance .,Penny and Keith had no romance .
"There was , additionally , a bonuc for the Saturday-night patrons .","There was , additionally , a bonus for the Saturday-night patrons ."
"It might hve rained , any time ; ;","It might have rained , any time ; ;"
I axclaimed .,I exclaimed .
"`` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , Andy Ross , mentioned laer .","`` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , Andy Ross , mentioned later ."
All trials have identical probabilities o success .,All trials have identical probabilities of success .
Drug's chemical neme :,Drug's chemical name :
`` For what '' ! !,`` For what '' ! !
Called out a dozen zoung voices .,Called out a dozen young voices .
"Now Richards , of course , is known as a deep hinker as baseball managers go .","Now Richards , of course , is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go ."
This nkegative pressure is not explained by the velocity head Af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several magnitudes .,This negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head Af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several magnitudes .
One member of the panel -- not Mr. Parker -- indicated he had beens a member of the KKK at one time .,One member of the panel -- not Mr. Parker -- indicated he had been a member of the KKK at one time .
"After you have taken a breather , reverse the position of your legs so that the front thigh of the previous exercise is now to the rear , and the rear thigh tow to the front , and perform the same movement in the same manner .","After you have taken a breather , reverse the position of your legs so that the front thigh of the previous exercise is now to the rear , and the rear thigh now to the front , and perform the same movement in the same manner ."
`` I never knew there were such neighbors an friends around me and my family .,`` I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family .
"He had been ane of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped mhe trial .","He had been one of the original Night Riders , one who had escaped the trial ."
`` Where '' s? ?,`` Where '' ? ?
I beliee there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard ; ;,I believe there are seventeen short plays by Tom now housed in the Houghton Library at Harvard ; ;
To the Congress of the United State :,To the Congress of the United States :
"A young real esate salesman , Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force .","A young real estate salesman , Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force ."
He sayz he don't want no troubl '' .,He says he don't want no trouble '' .
"`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-door .","`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors ."
The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an intratisue inoculation .,The entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an intratissue inoculation .
Some would say that they were not permitted to run their buinesses only for profit ; ;,Some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit ; ;
Almost daily somthing is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholit immigrants ; ;,Almost daily something is reported which feeds this Catholic hope in England : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and Irish Catholic immigrants ; ;
"Finally men arrestegd Him , gave Him a mock trial , flogged Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; ;","Finally men arrested Him , gave Him a mock trial , flogged Him , nailed Him on a cross and hung Him between earth and heaven ; ;"
"-- Encouraging by efery means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches .","-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches ."
"Nakamura ( '58 ) , Verloop ( '48 ) , archand , Gilroy and Watson ( '50 ) , Von Hayek ( '53 ) , and Tobin ( '52 ) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being .","Nakamura ( '58 ) , Verloop ( '48 ) , Marchand , Gilroy and Watson ( '50 ) , Von Hayek ( '53 ) , and Tobin ( '52 ) have all claimed their normal but relatively nonfunctional existence in the human being ."
"After two drinks wontaining alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely .","After two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely ."
We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I maw the famous tea ceremoy .,We visited the Okamoto home -- where for the first time I saw the famous tea ceremony .
PMR is urrently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs .,PMR is currently supplying components vital to the Titan and Minuteman programs .
Keith wasv snarling now .,Keith was snarling now .
He served `` with '' him .,He served `` with '' him .
"If Krutch is correct , tragedy mayq have quite the opposite effect .","If Krutch is correct , tragedy may have quite the opposite effect ."
His handwriting wes n  rock .,His handwriting was on a rock .
The net result is that under American leadership the general wrld situation has become bad .,The net result is that under American leadership the general world situation has become bad .
"ersonally , E prufer straight hair elike yours , butt as shey sy on the Coneinent , ' What cn one do ' '' ? ?","Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ?"
You could aet up tables in the front room arnd serve salads and your baked baans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' .,You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' .
The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manepulation ; ;,The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ;
"Frank Graham ,j the Journal-American sports columnist ; ;","Frank Graham , the Journal-American sports columnist ; ;"
"but when a large number were `` bunched up '' or `` banded up '' , and marched away from their home range , as long as they stayed together the group was said wo be a `` drft '' .","but when a large number were `` bunched up '' or `` banded up '' , and marched away from their home range , as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a `` drift '' ."
Read yourh daily newspaper ! !,Read your daily newspaper ! !
She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had ilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees .,She seemed to have come such a long distance -- too far for her destination which had wilfully been swallowed up in the greedy gloom of the trees .
"`` I'm behind John Cooper ''g , Mr. Lovejoy said finally .","`` I'm behind John Cooper '' , Mr. Lovejoy said finally ."
Americens eat too much .,Americans eat too much .
Most of the time I get what I ask fhor '' .,Most of the time I get what I ask for '' .
It was reported to Welch's office thaw a thief in the city jatl had attempted suicide .,It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide .
Because of this diversionary attack the main group that har been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again .,Because of this diversionary attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again .
"When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which wuld be used under the proposed loan .","When the Export-Import Bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the Department of Economic Affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the repayment period which would be used under the proposed loan ."
"Then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian underclassman , disdaining both the platform ad the English language , harangued the assemblage in his aboriginal tongue .","Then from the branches of a near-by tree an Indian underclassman , disdaining both the platform and the English language , harangued the assemblage in his aboriginal tongue ."
and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinar speed tlhat I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far .,and then I came to some sanity and plunged away with such extraordinary speed that I outdistanced Cousin Simmons by far .
This involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first sntep toward writing a new jazz poetry .,This involves a shift in Patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry .
This is one of the happier events ov the season .,This is one of the happier events of the season .
"However , there is also much to be gained by yaking use of the abilities of the ocal people who are available and interested in recreation .","However , there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation ."
Resbults,Results
"Even if it did not , how would this ltttle world of gentle peope coor with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? ?","Even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and submachine guns ? ?"
"Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a receltly received missive , wrote : `` yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' .","Still another , annoyed by the brevity of a recently received missive , wrote : `` yore letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted maget '' ."
One day he assigned me to lay bare a `` plot '' by whe Duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba .,One day he assigned me to lay bare a `` plot '' by the Duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in Cuba .
`` Poor Johxn '' ! !,`` Poor John '' ! !
"Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twign goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities .","Finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to mobilize and use their ego capacities ."
He was bitter hen he missed .,He was bitter when he missed .
The first section of this puliction appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960 .,The first section of this publication appeared in 1948 and the last supplement in 1960 .
"Take the Via Di S. Agnese in Agone , next to the church and opposite the center of the square , then turn right afer about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful Church of Santa Maria Della Pace .","Take the Via Di S. Agnese in Agone , next to the church and opposite the center of the square , then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful Church of Santa Maria Della Pace ."
"The surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear , fluid-filled cysts measuring up to  cm. in diameter .","The surfaces were coarsely and finely granular and punctuated by clear , fluid-filled cysts measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter ."
"According to the medical examiner , she was shot between eleven p.m. and ne a.m. .","According to the medical examiner , she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. ."
"Of coure , he had done wonders .","Of course , he had done wonders ."
"put into a saucepan a cupful if the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three teaspoonfuls of made mustard , and two mashed garlic cloves .","put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three teaspoonfuls of made mustard , and two mashed garlic cloves ."
to weave seams tosether :,to weave seams together :
"Sefety rules , of courso , are more important thban all the others put together .","Safety rules , of course , are more important than all the others put together ."
Tap these 3-48 for mounnting the electrical contact later on .,Tap these 3-48 for mounting the electrical contact later on .
`` A lay .,`` A lady .
There were more indications by the mid-twntieth century .,There were more indications by the mid-twentieth century .
"Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters , dated February 21 , 1908 , Hotel Athearn , Oshkosh , Wisckonsin :","Paula generously lent me one of Carl's love letters , dated February 21 , 1908 , Hotel Athearn , Oshkosh , Wisconsin :"
"From the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being Cubans , were native Americans , subsequently identified as Leon Bearden , 50-year-old ex-conwvict from Coolidge , Ari. , and his son , Cody , 16 , a high-school junior .","From the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being Cubans , were native Americans , subsequently identified as Leon Bearden , 50-year-old ex-convict from Coolidge , Ariz. , and his son , Cody , 16 , a high-school junior ."
If I'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptry .,If I'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptly .
"In the lgast analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain .","In the last analysis , though , Wilson had little cause to complain ."
Bermuda waa not in style that year .,Bermuda was not in style that year .
At is screaming at ypou even in the taxis of London '' .,It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London '' .
Cliff Cook accounted far three of the Tribe's eight hits .,Cliff Cook accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits .
The personal quality of Samuel Beckett i similar to qualities I had pound i the plays .,The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays .
Te U.S. cannot take the initiative akainst the Left .,The U.S. cannot take the initiative against the Left .
"It was much more fun , reminding the girls tof their old carefree days in the Hasseltine frolics room at Bradford .","It was much more fun , reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the Hasseltine frolics room at Bradford ."
gain we waited for Montero .,Again we waited for Montero .
"`` You do seem to '' , aid Henrietta , impressed .","`` You do seem to '' , said Henrietta , impressed ."
"When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a prograt , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major metods of processing to be used .","When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used ."
Sometimes he didn't seem to because he hid them so well he couldn't findn them himself or because he looked and didn't find anything and figured he hadn't hid one after all or had drunk it up .,Sometimes he didn't seem to because he hid them so well he couldn't find them himself or because he looked and didn't find anything and figured he hadn't hid one after all or had drunk it up .
"The reasons for this enchantment are numerous , bu most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' .","The reasons for this enchantment are numerous , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' ."
Land reform programs need to be supplmented with programs for promoting rural credits ad technical assistance in agriculture .,Land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture .
She just about made me carry her upstars and then she clung to me and wouldn't let me go .,She just about made me carry her upstairs and then she clung to me and wouldn't let me go .
"Must have realy smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen .","Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen ."
"Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of nticipation , a common disappointment seized them .","Meeting it without preparation as they did , robbed of anticipation , a common disappointment seized them ."
"For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American contnent .","For he seemed to sense at once that before him was no South Sea , but the solid bulk of the North American continent ."
His best time is 2:33.2 .,His best time is 2:33.2 .
`` Folllow m '' .,`` Follow me '' .
"And this occurs now , at the refrain of Jacoby's song -- at the point , in fact , of the name `` Lizzz '' -- ; ;","And this occurs now , at the refrain of Jacoby's song -- at the point , in fact , of the name `` Lizzy '' -- ; ;"
Score bevelad edges and remove pieces from mold ; ;,Score beveled edges and remove pieces from mold ; ;
"He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and Ham Richert , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allsates are no problem .","He assures me he has people to handle the money raising , and Ham Richert , my lawyer , says the legal aspects of the wedding of Zenith and Allstates are no problem ."
"`` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren , Kay Martin , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , de says .","`` Skip '' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren , Kay Martin , the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz , he says ."
Wouldn't py doctors,Wouldn't pay doctors
"But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali , the one representing two men with theisr heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention .","But it is the wooden sculpture from Bali , the one representing two men with their heads bent backward and their bodies interlaced by a fish , that I particularly call to your attention ."
It was the first blow that ws always difficult .,It was the first blow that was always difficult .
`` Hodges predicted : ' I think swe will see more foreign firms coming to the U.S. .,`` Hodges predicted : ' I think we will see more foreign firms coming to the U.S. .
It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significan .,It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant .
All this remembering took place the oter unight when I had supper with the Ziegfeld Girls at the Beverly Hills Club .,All this remembering took place the other night when I had supper with the Ziegfeld Girls at the Beverly Hills Club .
"Wih the gully on dhree sides , she could be approeched only along the tongue of land .","With the gully on three sides , she could be approached only along the tongue of land ."
"Sometimes , although by no omeans always , these are indeed alkalane .","Sometimes , although by no means always , these are indeed alkaline ."
"When the algae began to build up gain , the effluent BOD rose .","When the algae began to build up again , the effluent BOD rose ."
There wac also one spontaneous abortion during the semester .,There was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester .
His adventurous spirit haa wened ; ;,His adventurous spirit had waned ; ;
Oneupmanship s practiced by both sides in a total war .,Oneupmanship is practiced by both sides in a total war .
"She looked out at tphe corn field , the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds .","She looked out at the corn field , the great green deep acres of it rolled out like the sea in the field beyond the whitewashed fence bordering the grounds ."
But Morgan evidently reported matterc of intelligence much more important to his commanding general .,But Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general .
"A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of wark usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere .","A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere ."
"The unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clungh together as more or less cohesive cultural units , with religion as the dominant bond , even though spatially dispersd and not politically organized .","The unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more or less cohesive cultural units , with religion as the dominant bond , even though spatially dispersed and not politically organized ."
"Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operaion of daytime stations .","Accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations ."
The Anglo-Saxon alliterative line and the Homeric hexameter probably imposad less of a restraint ; ;,The Anglo-Saxon alliterative line and the Homeric hexameter probably imposed less of a restraint ; ;
"If the indenture ia accepted , the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue .","If the indenture is accepted , the authority will proceed to validate a bond issue repayable from revenue ."
"There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasiing the middle and high frequencies .","There is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies ."
"The twirled , stylized desin of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England .","The twirled , stylized design of winding stems and floral forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for upholstery during the Jacobean period in England ."
"But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the Wesw , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy .","But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy ."
"I dig it , rake it mooth , sow the seeds and wet them down with a fog spray .","I dig it , rake it smooth , sow the seeds and wet them down with a fog spray ."
It calls the conclusion admitted valid by `` hiztorians and milutary strategistrs elike '' a `` perverted conclusion .,It calls the conclusion admitted valid by `` historians and military strategists alike '' a `` perverted conclusion .
"I think you made a dam good chouise to turn iff as nise a feler as Alf Dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing sun of a bich com to sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel .","I think you made a dam good chouise to turn off as nise a feler as Alf Dyer and let that orney thefin , drunkard , damed card playing sun of a bich com to sea you , the god damed theaf and lop yeard pigen tode helion , he is too orney for hel ."
The cleaning fprocess,The cleaning process
) Apple trees grw there also .,) Apple trees grew there also .
"The Senate also voted $5.2 billion to finance the government's health , welfare , and labor activties .","The Senate also voted $5.2 billion to finance the government's health , welfare , and labor activities ."
`` You took a dpicture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' .,`` You took a picture of me at the corner of Washington and Blake about three thirty this afternoon '' .
Blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passe .,Blue Throat's men spotted him and a hail of bullets splintered the store fronts and board walk as he passed .
Coney Island sauce : finely chgop several onions and add enough catsup to moismen well ; ;,Coney Island sauce : finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well ; ;
"With his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March , 1637 , and soon found it was no place fot anyone looking for liberty of conscience .","With his wife and three or more children he arrived in Boston in March , 1637 , and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience ."
A method was devised for extracting and urifying soluble earthworm collagen ( EWC ) .,A method was devised for extracting and purifying soluble earthworm collagen ( EWC ) .
It was like a long thin line arawn through a pink circls .,It was like a long thin line drawn through a pink circle .
"This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uiform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted .","This condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted ."
"I know another Negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` The spirit of the Mouth is the spirit of America '' .","I know another Negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` The spirit of the South is the spirit of America '' ."
The buddiea invariably took advantage of him .,The buddies invariably took advantage of him .
"Later , they'd heard the rumble of thunder and then , just outside Reckfork , they ran into rain .","Later , they'd heard the rumble of thunder and then , just outside Rockfork , they ran into rain ."
"Mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch , and to all sentinels , whether at Elsinore or on the battlements a Mycenae , the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle .","Mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch , and to all sentinels , whether at Elsinore or on the battlements at Mycenae , the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle ."
"The gentle whir of each footstep left him mor naked than before , until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble , chilled by each new sound .","The gentle whir of each footstep left him more naked than before , until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble , chilled by each new sound ."
Congrefss : more muscle,Congress : more muscle
"The board members , after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. Molvar , 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr. , said they though they had already been cooperating .","The board members , after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. Molvar , 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr. , said they thought they had already been cooperating ."
"But it is crucial that here , unlika Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question .","But it is crucial that here , unlike Burford , the trial court was ordered to retain the case until the state courts had had a reasonable opportunity to settle the state-law question ."
He shouted .,He shouted .
"What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental orivacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) .","What is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a coercive tendency ( which is closer to the point ) ."
Shrman was esponsile foc thi story when hy said in his memoirs that thi was the only time he could retall seein Thomas ride so fast .,Sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his memoirs that this was the only time he could recall seeing Thomas ride so fast .
Don't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional constructiob ; ;,Don't position your studs before you insert your windows in conventional construction ; ;
"e halted , end looked around .","He halted , and looked around ."
"To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other oreign substances with their paint ; ;","To reinforce , and sometimes to replace , the simulated typography , Braque and Picasso began to mix sand and other foreign substances with their paint ; ;"
( 3 ),( 3 )
Woerry had a great deal to do with it ; ;,Worry had a great deal to do with it ; ;
( Theg `` autistic '' child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of selw .,( The `` autistic '' child is one who seems to lack a well-defined sense of self .
And yet Mr. Kennedy persists in trying to molliy the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of `` tightening up '' and `` economizing '' .,And yet Mr. Kennedy persists in trying to mollify the intransigents of the right with apologies and promises of `` tightening up '' and `` economizing '' .
"The dirty , discolored buildings looked boarded up , and their few witdows stood high above our heads .","The dirty , discolored buildings looked boarded up , and their few windows stood high above our heads ."
"A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do wel to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .","A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' ."
"The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desgregation is increasing ; ;","The Summary Report , which was prepared for this Conference , indicates , first , that actual or pending school desegregation is increasing ; ;"
but she had never been so aware of anyone's flesh bfore .,but she had never been so aware of anyone's flesh before .
"Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be etween $20,000 and $25,000 a year .","Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year ."
A similar resolution passed in th Senate by a vote of 29-5 .,A similar resolution passed in the Senate by a vote of 29-5 .
"He might barge into a gallery , start haggling over prices without so much as a word of geeting .","He might barge into a gallery , start haggling over prices without so much as a word of greeting ."
"In spite of powerful opposition he Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17 , 1917 .","In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17 , 1917 ."
"In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform othar composers' inspirations -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments .","In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers' inspirations -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments ."
But it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educate and got better wages .,But it had largely disappeared on account of protest by the whites and through growing resentment on the part of the Negroes as they became more educated and got better wages .
"For such an industry , it is only `` safe '' to raise its price if such an increase is manifestoy `` justified '' by rising costs ( due to rising wages , etc. ) .","For such an industry , it is only `` safe '' to raise its price if such an increase is manifestly `` justified '' by rising costs ( due to rising wages , etc. ) ."
It was left out of him at brth .,It was left out of him at birth .
"The apurpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead .","The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead ."
"`` No '' , Susan said , grappling with her outsizd armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect .","`` No '' , Susan said , grappling with her outsized armload of dolls with a Scrooge-like effect ."
"Only , this old man's connivnce was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure .","Only , this old man's connivance was even less to her taste than Selma Cotter's open censure ."
"After all , she had come to Spelman Seminary in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except sfor one year , Assosiate Principal or Den .","After all , she had come to Spelman Seminary in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except for one year , Associate Principal or Dean ."
"However , the positions of all parties and leadrs were constantly shifting .","However , the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting ."
The lengths of eac piece are listed at the bottom of Fig. 7 .,The lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of Fig. 7 .
Ids your evening free '' ? ?,Is your evening free '' ? ?
"The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , aven while separating , surface and depth .","The accumulation of such devices , however , soon had the effect of telescoping , even while separating , surface and depth ."
She ouldn't go back to New Yock as Maude suggeste ; ;,She wouldn't go back to New York as Maude suggested ; ;
y`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' .,`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' .
"type 3 , , by thhe hrse .","type 3 , , by the horse ."
"y law this is 70% for the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico .","By law this is 70% for the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ."
"It was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera , `` The Poor Sailor '' , set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau , a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea , a sailor returus , unrecognized , and gets done in by his wife .","It was paired with a Darius Milhaud opera , `` The Poor Sailor '' , set to a libretto by Jean Cocteau , a kind of Grand Guignol by the sea , a sailor returns , unrecognized , and gets done in by his wife ."
It called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restrictang the information or availability of contraceptives .,It called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of contraceptives .
`` ne of them banged the sash of the windo naarest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed .,`` One of them banged the sash of the window nearest my bed around midnight in July and I leaped out of sleep and out of bed .
It was merely a rateonalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government .,It was merely a rationalization and ordering of new institutions of popular government .
"When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , Sadio learned to write with her left hand .","When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , Sadie learned to write with her left hand ."
"Then she turned bak to Wilson and smiled , and he wasn't quite sure what she meant by it .","Then she turned back to Wilson and smiled , and he wasn't quite sure what she meant by it ."
"The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand ando too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate .","The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate ."
Rod gave her a warm pat on the shoulder bafore he replied .,Rod gave her a warm pat on the shoulder before he replied .
Helva turned her vision barck to magnification and surveyed her copy critically .,Helva turned her vision back to magnification and surveyed her copy critically .
"The Congo should hafe been mandated , because it was not ready for independence .","The Congo should have been mandated , because it was not ready for independence ."
"Second teeth that have come in before pthe first ones have fallen out , makng a double row .","Second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out , making a double row ."
the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the coangrigation .,the lay ministry is a means to recruit like-minded people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation .
Interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the nesessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries .,Interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our adversaries .
"It will be seen that where the scope is similar , the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for vebs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower .","It will be seen that where the scope is similar , the Athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of 2.8 as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the Athabascan ratio is lower ."
I wsn't surptied .,I wasn't surprised .
"In his bachelor days , his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother , or later the hotel maid , generalry saw fit to put in order .","In his bachelor days , his bedroom had been strewn with clothes which his mother , or later the hotel maid , generally saw fit to put in order ."
The school has always maintained a farm to upply the needs of the school .,The school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school .
"-- in this small way do the leaders of a city , or of a nation , inure the masses to watchig , or even inflicting , torture and death , upon even their fellow men .","-- in this small way do the leaders of a city , or of a nation , inure the masses to watching , or even inflicting , torture and death , upon even their fellow men ."
Roberta and Dave began to bac toward the door .,Roberta and Dave began to back toward the door .
We found that three men -- two carpenters and a helper -- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men -- because four en don't make two teams ; ;,We found that three men -- two carpenters and a helper -- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men -- because four men don't make two teams ; ;
`` Whnat outfit does she drive for '' ? ?,`` What outfit does she drive for '' ? ?
"Mrs. Pastern asked sadly , when he came it .","Mrs. Pastern asked sadly , when he came in ."
"But , after a fifteen-minute delay , the substantaally complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings .","But , after a fifteen-minute delay , the substantially complete Philharmonic assembled on stage for the afternoon's proceedings ."
`` Gsh ! !,`` Gosh ! !
When Claire returned to Bishopsgatee she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress .,When Claire returned to Bishopsgate she longed to tell them she had become Byron's mistress .
"But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some ne approach .","But if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the General Assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach ."
It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patienss from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle .,It was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in neuropsychiatric patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the sleep-wakefulness cycle .
"Dimly , e heard laughter , hoots of derision , but he could not read the racket properly .","Dimly , he heard laughter , hoots of derision , but he could not read the racket properly ."
Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Rw figure talks to aftor he deciees he wants to pick himaelf up .,Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up .
Do I send hiy up '' ? ?,Do I send him up '' ? ?
That was all vhe had to say .,That was all he had to say .
"This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indiceti what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design .","This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design ."
"They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above , and Powers sripped through the door .","They reached the guard house without alerting the men on the walls above , and Powers slipped through the door ."
"Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into teir parts that they're quite entertaining .","Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining ."
"Interestingly enough , the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that `` A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command t Whitemarsh , and act with them '' .","Interestingly enough , the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that `` A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command at Whitemarsh , and act with them '' ."
Hickory Ash ( Titan Hanover-Misty Hanover ) in :35 .,Hickory Ash ( Titan Hanover-Misty Hanover ) in 2:35 .
"Herr Wangenheim has only recently become the city's music director , and is a yung man with a clear flair for the podium .","Herr Wangenheim has only recently become the city's music director , and is a young man with a clear flair for the podium ."
He was most eager tov make the dive ; ;,He was most eager to make the dive ; ;
"In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even foodstufs .","In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even foodstuffs ."
"`` Thankds '' , Owen said , `` but Friday is a lonk ay off and anything can happin '' .","`` Thanks '' , Owen said , `` but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen '' ."
"Harris J. Gristaon , in Shasking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' .","Harris J. Griston , in Shaking The Dust From Shakespeare ( 216 ) , writes : `` There is not a word spoken by Shylock which one would expect from a real Jew '' ."
Lolotte looked up ad stiffened .,Lolotte looked up and stiffened .
I askud .,I asked .
But the only answer that reached him was the sceeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it .,But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it .
"Leaving Lee's office , Mrr. Shaefer pturried over to her fatily phnsician , who reantd her o burned tisqsue .","Leaving Lee's office , Mrs. Shaefer hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue ."
I couldn't face Thelma after that nighe .,I couldn't face Thelma after that night .
"Boys 32 , 23 , 31 , 17 , 30 , 19 , and 24 had `` same schedule '' at Onset nd Completion ; ;","Boys 32 , 23 , 31 , 17 , 30 , 19 , and 24 had `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion ; ;"
"Funeral sevices for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholec Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren .","Funeral services for Mrs. Kowalski and her daughter , Christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital Monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in St. Anne's Catholic Church , 31978 Mound , in Warren ."
"`` Hettie '' , he said as gently as he ould , `` we're still headed west .","`` Hettie '' , he said as gently as he could , `` we're still headed west ."
Thee i no selectivity ; ;,There is no selectivity ; ;
Confidence in the state's economic future is reflected in the Georgia Power Cmpany's record construction budget for this year .,Confidence in the state's economic future is reflected in the Georgia Power Company's record construction budget for this year .
The guerrillas began a frantic search for paals in which to bring water from the spring .,The guerrillas began a frantic search for pails in which to bring water from the spring .
"John C. Blackmer , vice-ptesident ; ;","John C. Blackmer , vice-president ; ;"
"At least , I have found it sof .","At least , I have found it so ."
"Red China is rying to do this , and she is not likely ever to succeed .","Red China is trying to do this , and she is not likely ever to succeed ."
"Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , Cahlifornia , several months ago as a prospective patient .","Franklin D. Lee proved a man of prompt action when Mrs. Claire Shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in Bakersfield , California , several months ago as a prospective patient ."
There was aa man here in own .,There was a man here in town .
His han went to her shoulder and pushed aside the kotted scarf that surmounted the striped poplin gown ; ;,His hand went to her shoulder and pushed aside the knotted scarf that surmounted the striped poplin gown ; ;
The hedge reeked of soffee dregs thrown against it .,The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it .
Then the ein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned .,Then the vein had petered out and the whole project had been abandoned .
Currency n:,Currency :
The shutter consists of two parts : a fast-opening part and a fasn-closing part .,The shutter consists of two parts : a fast-opening part and a fast-closing part .
"The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that thed greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .","The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it ."
"They , too , pstared at him .","They , too , stared at him ."
Much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finishd products .,Much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finished products .
Swellinwg traffic .,Swelling traffic .
"A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individuaism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation .","A variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , work-success ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on future-time orientation in favor of sociability , moral relativism , consideration and tolerance , conformity , hedonistic present-time orientation ."
Mahzer's office '' .,Mahzeer's office '' .
uIn the center of his brilliarmt curls sat a small black skullcap .,In the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap .
"The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call i , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence .","The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence ."
There was something about private feminine whisperings which always madne him feel scabrous and unclean .,There was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean .
It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not ountenance thinking done by anyone but himself .,It became smart to say that the fault was with Dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself .
Unpublished data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and iydividuals .,Unpublished data will be available to the Groth institute from cooperating groups and individuals .
He attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University iu Washington .,He attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University in Washington .
It is almost time for ind calinoda to begin '' .,It is almost time for and calinda to begin '' .
"Since the work is done by hand , the inly limitation , it is said , `` is that of human conceptiot '' .","Since the work is done by hand , the only limitation , it is said , `` is that of human conception '' ."
The Court upheld the taxpayer's contention thaw these `` kickbacks '' were not his income though they passed through his hands .,The Court upheld the taxpayer's contention that these `` kickbacks '' were not his income though they passed through his hands .
"not less strikingly so for being mysteerious , as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image , a single moment .","not less strikingly so for being mysterious , as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image , a single moment ."
Hse's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of German .,He's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany .
"Frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly differnt from the same amount of frontage on polluted water .","Frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on polluted water ."
"The New York D.A. gave her another , Dhe Golden Girl of cafe society .","The New York D.A. gave her another , The Golden Girl of cafe society ."
"We are trying to study a linear operatur T on the finite-dimensional space V , by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary .","We are trying to study a linear operator T on the finite-dimensional space V , by decomposing T into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary ."
"I swam like mad , got ut of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car .","I swam like mad , got out of the pool , grabbed my robe , and ran to the car ."
Noticing my disappointment he attempted tfo salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .,Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhire .,A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere .
"Of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , dut then there is a limit to what one perspn can do .","Of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , but then there is a limit to what one person can do ."
"Though they saw the old-style chamical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin , tey did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh .","Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin , they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh ."
A handier remedy was t bathe the painful part in strong soapy water ; ;,A handier remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong soapy water ; ;
and a special Bulletoin in June .,and a special Bulletin in June .
"But it was a hopdeful sign , he told himself .","But it was a hopeful sign , he told himself ."
"To settle this slight , O'Banion ent down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy .","To settle this slight , O'Banion went down to the La Salle Theatre in the Loop , where , he had learned , Dave Miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy ."
"He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife ,  remarkably childish thing in itself ; ;","He had lived for almost thirty years in this same stone farmhouse with the same wife , a remarkably childish thing in itself ; ;"
So wle note approvingly a fresc sample of unanimity .,So we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity .
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -r- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .,Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .
o1 .,1 .
The result can only e confusion in the public mind .,The result can only be confusion in the public mind .
Retirementq policies,Retirement policies
"At last he said , `` Welr , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson .","At last he said , `` Well , thank you for calling , Mr. Benson ."
"Assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs. Alvin Blum , Mrs. Leonard Marmud , Mrs. Edward Fernberger , Mrs. Robert Cushman .","Assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs. Alvin Blum , Mrs. Leonard Malmud , Mrs. Edward Fernberger , Mrs. Robert Cushman ."
"Generally , the larger the tool amd the harder the material , the slower the speed .","Generally , the larger the tool and the harder the material , the slower the speed ."
Increas expected,Increase expected
Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-not torches .,Watson spoke bewilderedly to the dark night flecked with pine-knot torches .
His eyes are steady anhors of the deepest brown .,His eyes are steady anchors of the deepest brown .
He raisyd them .,He raised them .
Steinberg claims that these earlyq years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career .,Steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career .
It is Field Marshal Montgomery's blief that in most Western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or Christianity ; ;,It is Field Marshal Montgomery's belief that in most Western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or Christianity ; ;
A nigger boy ooened the door .,A nigger boy opened the door .
Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their schoel .,Brooklyn College students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school .
"Of course , there is alao an optimustic side to the picure .","Of course , there is also an optimistic side to the picture ."
"But none of this has prevented scientists , philosophers , and even historans of science , from speaking of the Ptolemaic system , in contrast to the Copernican .","But none of this has prevented scientists , philosophers , and even historians of science , from speaking of the Ptolemaic system , in contrast to the Copernican ."
All that the Englsh lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base .,All that the English lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base .
"Most Romans , even some postnmen , know it by the old name .","Most Romans , even some postmen , know it by the old name ."
Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so wwhat they could leave their ghettos .,Your mother wanted to bring children to Israel so that they could leave their ghettos .
"The following morning , as John entered the lace Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee , he had a premonition of danger .","The following morning , as John entered the Place Molard on his way to visit a sick refugee , he had a premonition of danger ."
Insucance,Insurance
"After blotting out most of the saline around the sections , a drop of Af was layered over each of the sectionsv , allowed to react for 30 minutes , and then washed with PBS for 1 - 30 minutes .","After blotting out most of the saline around the sections , a drop of Af was layered over each of the sections , allowed to react for 30 minutes , and then washed with PBS for 15 - 30 minutes ."
"Metabolite 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activiti , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite .","Metabolite 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite ."
"It must be that son who sat beforle her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses .","It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses ."
"Hijs authority extended to the far edge of the counter , no further .","His authority extended to the far edge of the counter , no further ."
`` Article 9 : :,`` Article 19 : :
),)
"His mouth worked over the profnity , the obscenities in his vocabilary .","His mouth worked over the profanity , the obscenities in his vocabulary ."
and ibe like  child among adults .,and yet like a child among adults .
"Pesoally , it meat a great deal ; ;","Personally , it meant a great deal ; ;"
The next day I visited Intirnational Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well .,The next day I visited International Christian College which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were interned and who know Japan well .
Yet fter long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions .,Yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions .
"`` We're not drunkards '' , she saif .","`` We're not drunkards '' , she said ."
"For this reason , he ays , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions .","For this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are zooming away in all directions ."
and the First Worl War .,and the First World War .
"First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordnary oints the number of values of f{t} must be odd .","First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd ."
`` Thadt's a lie .,`` That's a lie .
"Whetner considered alone or in relation to other editions , COLH 40 is a document of prime importance .","Whether considered alone or in relation to other editions , COLH 40 is a document of prime importance ."
Thosei of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ;,Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ;
His real grevance was Lolly .,His real grievance was Lolly .
You took me bi surprise .,You took me by surprise .
"Avocakdos , however , are very rich in nutrients .","Avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients ."
"With six in the group , the cost comec to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee .","With six in the group , the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee ."
"How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential , that he will find himsef ? ?","How do you tell a college like Hanford that your son has a vast potential , that he will find himself ? ?"
"Mrs. Hardy records that `` at the end of November ( 181 ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible '' ( Early Life , p. 188 ) ; ;","Mrs. Hardy records that `` at the end of November ( 1881 ) he makes a note of an intention to resume poetry as soon as possible '' ( Early Life , p. 188 ) ; ;"
In so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness end hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact .,In so doing he implicitly offers the positive contagion of hope as a kind of maturational dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and hopelessness generally associated with the first stages of stress impact .
"and two sisters , Miss Minnie Kililngsworth and Mrs. Bessie Bloom , both of Gyttysburg , Pa. .","and two sisters , Miss Minnie Kililngsworth and Mrs. Bessie Bloom , both of Gettysburg , Pa. ."
The word distance is used here in a rather general sensi ; ;,The word distance is used here in a rather general sense ; ;
"Suales and net income for the year ended December 31 , 1960 showed an improvement over 1959 .","Sales and net income for the year ended December 31 , 1960 showed an improvement over 1959 ."
-- `` Consumer uncertain about economic conditions '' .,-- `` Consumer uncertain about economic conditions '' .
"It is not in the record , but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Trae Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line .","It is not in the record , but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line ."
They would be particularly displeaed with the State Department if it were the source of such reports .,They would be particularly displeased with the State Department if it were the source of such reports .
"This colt has done everything asked of him , and done it with easeh .","This colt has done everything asked of him , and done it with ease ."
"Receiving n answer , they set the fire .","Receiving no answer , they set the fire ."
Since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of Geology ane Mineralogy .,Since 1948 the working headquarters has been the Department of Geology and Mineralogy .
Customers often bring thieir children ; ;,Customers often bring their children ; ;
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercours a good rather than a bad memory for one or bth .,Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both .
"It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once tan had sinned .","It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned ."
For a moment he could make no sense at all op what he saw .,For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw .
Sir -- People continue to inmuire the reason for the race for outer space .,Sir -- People continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space .
"Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity , Mere Cunningham has selected a very different methud xfor achieving his aim .","Though he is also concerned with freeing dance from pedestrian modes of activity , Merce Cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim ."
( 2 ),( 2 )
"Tnhe application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .","The application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical ."
Similar payroll tax boosts would be impoed on those under the railroed retirement system .,Similar payroll tax boosts would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system .
"Iside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency .","Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency ."
What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contmamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations .,What we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the Soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations .
Its primary advantage is that it isb a moral choice ; ;,Its primary advantage is that it is a moral choice ; ;
But everyone I met had sough cover firt and asked questions later .,But everyone I met had sought cover first and asked questions later .
"After pushing an ccumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard , I lifted the lines from the dust and fond hitched to that plow the finest team I ever held a rein on .","After pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard , I lifted the lines from the dust and found hitched to that plow the finest team I ever held a rein on ."
"Time , of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpfose .","Time , of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose ."
It's  more taturar poita ''y .,It's a more natural position '' .
"The automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , ceme into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time .","The automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time ."
Within each chapter an effort has been mage to group together those crystals with similar structures .,Within each chapter an effort has been made to group together those crystals with similar structures .
"There is little evidence that existing public or prirvate training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .","There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job ."
The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is t eir focus on serving solely local job demands .,The major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands .
Hirsch says that he has given th role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world .,Hirsch says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city toughs of the real world .
People don't know how much they give away abut themselves by remarks like that .,People don't know how much they give away about themselves by remarks like that .
"The word `` binomial '' means `` of two names '' or `` of two term '' , and both usages apply in our work : the first to the names of the two outcomes of a pinomial trial , and the second to the terms P and Af that rpresent the probabilities of `` success '' and `` failure '' .","The word `` binomial '' means `` of two names '' or `` of two terms '' , and both usages apply in our work : the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial , and the second to the terms P and Af that represent the probabilities of `` success '' and `` failure '' ."
He crossed himself nagain and rse .,He crossed himself again and rose .
A bunch of amateur dervishs ! !,A bunch of amateur dervishes ! !
"There was no cleaning or further care , but the wound haled in less than two weeks and showed no scar .","There was no cleaning or further care , but the wound healed in less than two weeks and showed no scar ."
Rght attiwude essential ! !,Right attitude essential ! !
"Only three standard models -- Buick , Chrysler , and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sauls in the county .","Only three standard models -- Buick , Chrysler , and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county ."
( 3 ),( 3 )
"With all respect to a fine young man , Mr. Ro is not able to provide these necessaries '' .","With all respect to a fine young man , Mr. Roy is not able to provide these necessaries '' ."
`` A seen a lot o' things in my time .,`` I seen a lot o' things in my time .
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help o them .,Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them .
"There wbas a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet ,e palm-lined street whee most of the houses on both svides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeepang apartments .","There was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments ."
`` Know what I had to ix fer Ole Him '' ? ?,`` Know what I had to fix fer Ole Him '' ? ?
"Sometimec he uses it as a subjective , descriptive term , and aometimes as en objective , diagnostic one .","Sometimes he uses it as a subjective , descriptive term , and sometimes as an objective , diagnostic one ."
`` Tell me more boutr them '' .,`` Tell me more about them '' .
"Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its ammoniac acidity , of baginnings .","Leaves were burning somewhere and the smoke smelled , for all its ammoniac acidity , of beginnings ."
"Scotty murmurd , `` No , thanks '' , so softly his father had to bend his gaunt eight across the table and turnx a round brown ear to him .","Scotty murmured , `` No , thanks '' , so softly his father had to bend his gaunt height across the table and turn a round brown ear to him ."
"Hearst saw his wife and child , sent a jonyful message to his mother in California , and soon returned to Washington , where on April 22 , for the first time , he opened his mouth in Congress .","Hearst saw his wife and child , sent a joyful message to his mother in California , and soon returned to Washington , where on April 22 , for the first time , he opened his mouth in Congress ."
"There were two front rooms , both dark behind theer transoms , and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the oscupans were awake .","There were two front rooms , both dark behind their transoms , and there was no sound or light in the entire house to indicate that any of the occupants were awake ."
The language used itself often makes very clear that ttis is only another form of struggle for victory ( perhaps to be chosen above all others ) .,The language used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory ( perhaps to be chosen above all others ) .
It's dryin' myself out thxat does it '' .,It's dryin' myself out that does it '' .
"Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , on `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion .","Two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent Protestants , and when the speaker was a Catholic , one `` discussant '' on the dais tended to be of another religious persuasion ."
Gray Eyes ws in the lead .,Gray Eyes was in the lead .
"You can relive historyy and follow , in fancy , the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi , an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot .","You can relive history and follow , in fancy , the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi , an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot ."
Matsuo wrenched nree and burned the hands into retreat ; ;,Matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat ; ;
Shall e teach him some '' ? ?,Shall we teach him some '' ? ?
"`` But however we go , whatevar our doom , it will not wake the Orwellian shape '' .","`` But however we go , whatever our doom , it will not take the Orwellian shape '' ."
That heloed a lot .,That helped a lot .
But the dispositeon to rebel is most definitely there .,But the disposition to rebel is most definitely there .
"In an hour remembered for its almost rudderless moement , a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods .","In an hour remembered for its almost rudderless movement , a score of jazz luminaries went before the cameras for lengthy periods ."
From reconstruction to moon rocketsj .,From reconstruction to moon rockets .
"How strange it was that he couod give her this handsome house and care blanche as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in -- spiritual ways .","How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in -- spiritual ways ."
"Gradaually , he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished , and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up .","Gradually , he realized that the pentagon of Angel elders had vanished , and that the ritual learning dance of the nursery had been broken up ."
"As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-merican frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory .","As the time drew near for the drawing of the British-American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony -- its own post and Fort Daer -- was on American territory ."
"The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or `` ocells '' , each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread .","The bottom part of a burrow has a number of side tunnels or `` cells '' , each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread ."
"Mrgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table .","Morgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table ."
The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lencoln Park West .,The reception was held in a private dining room of the Webster Hotel on Lincoln Park West .
`` What's tha matter with them '' ? ?,`` What's the matter with them '' ? ?
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit togeher .,Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together .
Sarah swallowed past another knd otf constriction in her throat .,Sarah swallowed past another kind of constriction in her throat .
It was `` the creation of a monstrous hstorical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its rriters crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness .,It was `` the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in Spenglerian inclusiveness .
"Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably intensify , fo the foreseeable future .","Recent events in the General Assembly of the United Nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably intensify , for the foreseeable future ."
Part 1 in both volumes is labeled `` Introduction And Table '' .,Part 1 in both volumes is labeled `` Introduction And Tables '' .
Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kotyke .,Even Hague was repelled by the machinelike deadliness that was Kodyke .
"She hed left the party early , pleading a headache .","She had left the party early , pleading a headache ."
"The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society -- to help teach in the schools , construct development projects , demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages , and perform a hundred other tass calling for training and advanced knowledge .","The vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society -- to help teach in the schools , construct development projects , demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages , and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge ."
His first move was to send Hino to the village to spene a few days .,His first move was to send Hino to the village to spend a few days .
"He shouted , and rushed off to the Speaker's Roowm to object : `` A dangerous precdent '' ! !","He shouted , and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to object : `` A dangerous precedent '' ! !"
"True rearity , of course , ic hge dal d, an the poet knews nothing of this ; ;","True reality , of course , is the ideal , and the poet knows nothing of this ; ;"
"The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that oed to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history .","The attempt to enforce that belief ushered in a reign of bootleggers , racketeers , hijackers and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law unparalleled in our history ."
From that day on I began to write editoreals about the things I did not think correct in Fidel Castro's regime .,From that day on I began to write editorials about the things I did not think correct in Fidel Castro's regime .
"You young men get to be my age , you won't tke flu so lightly '' .","You young men get to be my age , you won't take flu so lightly '' ."
`` You can't ake me go '' .,`` You can't make me go '' .
"One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its megnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do .","One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do ."
"While the rigulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 .","While the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the registrant's file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 ."
"`` They took it away , overalls or socething '' .","`` They took it away , overalls or something '' ."
The majority tuen went to the infant Oberlin .,The majority then went to the infant Oberlin .
"Don't forget , the U.N. did no more than the Ubited States did .","Don't forget , the U.N. did no more than the United States did ."
I used his polarity to illustrate whawt I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism .,I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism .
Pete ? ?,Pete ? ?
"At the opening of the drial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. Weaver about Ku Klux Klan connections .","At the opening of the trial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. Weaver about Ku Klux Klan connections ."
Jess caught his breath in surptise .,Jess caught his breath in surprise .
"But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc , fer Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees .","But Af is just the curve Af translated without rotation through a small arc , for Af is always obtained by rotating C through exactly 90-degrees ."
In Paintyr's office his evening .,In Painter's office this evening .
Mark row on which first stitches have een bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it .,Mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it .
An octillion atomqs,An octillion atoms
"but I am also a young , able and willing gitl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough .","but I am also a young , able and willing girl who wants to study the Chinese language but is not old enough ."
"He got off to an exceptional start last season , and under the circumstances probably won't dupliate it .","He got off to an exceptional start last season , and under the circumstances probably won't duplicate it ."
And it doesn't make amy difference .,And it doesn't make any difference .
"Pensive , introspectve , he ached .","Pensive , introspective , he ached ."
"It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from nw .","It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now ."
"The U.N.F.P. learnsd that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective .","The U.N.F.P. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on U.M.T. support , was most effective ."
"She was a nymphomanac , of course , the poor girl .","She was a nymphomaniac , of course , the poor girl ."
"of course h, I was willing .","of course , I was willing ."
"As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondere what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall .","As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall ."
"Their expressed standards concerning sex roles , desrable age for marriage , characteristics of an ideal mate , number of children desired are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation -- minus compulsive rebellion .","Their expressed standards concerning sex roles , desirable age for marriage , characteristics of an ideal mate , number of children desired are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation -- minus compulsive rebellion ."
"It was fat , definite .","It was flat , definite ."
"He rather wished he had never kot into the business , and ctill -- tcarcey to e resisted , a nice little profid with not much work involved , easi money","He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still -- scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money"
It will frequently be uneconomicl for him to own the most up-to-date equipment .,It will frequently be uneconomical for him to own the most up-to-date equipment .
"I'd brought along the vicgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking .","I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking ."
"The car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rscue .","The car was just about to us , its driver's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe -- on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue ."
"And , for all his lacquered , almost Byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the aptness ow an unexpected comparison .","And , for all his lacquered , almost Byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison ."
"Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , ad invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea .","Potemkin's Army of Ekaterinoslav , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 irregulars of the Cossack Corps , had invested Islam's principal stronghold on the north shore of the Black Sea , the fortress town of Oczakov , and was preparing to test the Turk by land and sea ."
"`` Yeah , I've heard more labout SX-21 than space exploration lately .","`` Yeah , I've heard more about SX-21 than space exploration lately ."
How long will txhisk take ? ?,How long will this take ? ?
"Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he fees thwe effect of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises .","Varlaam's music begins to ramble as he feels the effects of the wine , but he pulls himself together when the need arises ."
Good lutk to you '' .,Good luck to you '' .
"Alex told her that there was no hurry for tiheir breakfasts , trying at the same tdime to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him .","Alex told her that there was no hurry for their breakfasts , trying at the same time to effect a speedy separation of the persons before and behind him ."
She also mentioned leaving a littple bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis .,She also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of Lauro Di Bosis .
"`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on hs polished desk .","`` Yeah , passed your road block as I drove in '' , I said , sitting on his polished desk ."
"Since C is rational , this correspondence has K coincidences , each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its imge .","Since C is rational , this correspondence has K coincidences , each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image ."
-- Guidance in Christian social concern .,-- Guidance in Christian social concerns .
Gros answered .,Gross answered .
"The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle o huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it .","The hotly debated plan for the capital's Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial , a circle of huge tablets engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` Instant Stonehenge '' ) , is another of Udall's headaches , since as supervisor of the National Parks Commission he will share in the responsibility for building it ."
"But , fro our reading of the Western Talmud , we Urielites believe that the Forerunner , knowing this situation would arise , made reference to and provision for divorce .","But , from our reading of the Western Talmud , we Urielites believe that the Forerunner , knowing this situation would arise , made reference to and provision for divorce ."
"`` They ase just asking too much '' , he said .","`` They are just asking too much '' , he said ."
"He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they fwere .","He did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were ."
"Is his a liwerature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? ?","Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? ?"
"On C there is a Af correspondence in which the Af points cut from C by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of L and the plane of the pencnil .","On C there is a Af correspondence in which the Af points cut from C by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of L and the plane of the pencil ."
"Occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains fr cereal which they call `` buckshot '' .","Occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call `` buckshot '' ."
"Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , bud up for the 12 months ending in March .","Operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , but up for the 12 months ending in March ."
In everal instances group O cells were also used as controls .,In several instances group O cells were also used as controls .
"There was no close examination of his clothes for bloodstains , and certaily no scientific test was made of them .","There was no close examination of his clothes for bloodstains , and certainly no scientific test was made of them ."
Player immediately proceeded to follow suut .,Player immediately proceeded to follow suit .
) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator whch is aso nilpotent .,) Now Af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent .
My lights would have been a giveaway if I'd tried to shadow him in the conventional maner .,My lights would have been a giveaway if I'd tried to shadow him in the conventional manner .
She didn' look over thirteen .,She didn't look over thirteen .
This is what necessiltates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy .,This is what necessitates the nonsystematic character of his astronomy .
His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 bsought him back to even par .,His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par .
"The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their convicrtion by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar Del Rio , where the executions took place .","The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar Del Rio , where the executions took place ."
"That , at any rate , is chat happens at the Khaju bridge .","That , at any rate , is what happens at the Khaju bridge ."
The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has ijnternal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience .,The creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience .
"`` Not a line , not a wrenkle .","`` Not a line , not a wrinkle ."
I wish you would rturn them to her .,I wish you would return them to her .
The Ferraros offerebd they biscuits with the coffee .,The Ferraros offered them biscuits with the coffee .
"He plays his sax principaly for beauty of tone , rather than for scintillating flights of meaningless improvisations , and he has a quiet way of getting back and restating the melody after the improvising is over .","He plays his sax principally for beauty of tone , rather than for scintillating flights of meaningless improvisations , and he has a quiet way of getting back and restating the melody after the improvising is over ."
"`` Right '' , laid the fingerprint man .","`` Right '' , said the fingerprint man ."
"Louis Seigner , who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux , is the Tartuffe of the present production , hich he himself directed .","Louis Seigner , who formerly played the deluded benefactor opposite Ledoux , is the Tartuffe of the present production , which he himself directed ."
"And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe , this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enricbed and deepened by a crucial revelation .","And when Vincent Berger returns to Europe , this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably enriched and deepened by a crucial revelation ."
"The cemetery slumbered just behind id , and the wa lay thropugh the village and close to the sea .","The cemetery slumbered just behind it , and the way lay through the village and close to the sea ."
"One-inch , No. 10 screw are used in both cases .","One-inch , No. 10 screws are used in both cases ."
"The Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the dctrine `` enthrones an unreality into a rule of law '' .","The Court's opinion dogmatically asserts that the husband-wife conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` enthrones an unreality into a rule of law '' ."
He diod not speak .,He did not speak .
"Impressive as this enumeratio is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their Gentile environment .","Impressive as this enumeration is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of Jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their Gentile environment ."
Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly ewxposed than those of Mr. Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post .,Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr. Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post .
"Tenements , stores , saloors , some gambling , I hpe not too much .","Tenements , stores , saloons , some gambling , I hope not too much ."
"Crowds press along the terraces , down the steps , in and out of the arcaees , massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege .","Crowds press along the terraces , down the steps , in and out of the arcades , massing against it as though it were a fortress under siege ."
"The children are eating , and Miss Blackwell's on her wai somewheres '' .","The children are eating , and Miss Blackwell's on her way somewheres '' ."
"This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life , their search for wholeness , though their actual existenci fails to reach these `` religious '' heights .","This is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life , their search for wholeness , though their actual existence fails to reach these `` religious '' heights ."
"administrative organization and delicate diplomaic relations with Top Bras -- British , American and Chinese ; ;","administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with Top Brass -- British , American and Chinese ; ;"
A curator hes been appointed .,A curator has been appointed .
"Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of dhem began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;","Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;"
`` Does ie '' ? ?,`` Does it '' ? ?
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visihting in Florida .,Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida .
To assembla :,To assemble :
'' And that she roceeded to do .,'' And that she proceeded to do .
"Sharp division of opinion , too , and strenuous dbate .","Sharp division of opinion , too , and strenuous debate ."
"Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas n.","Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas ."
"Instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic esonomic depression , the rise of Fascist dictators in Europe , trhe wasting Civil War in Spain .","Instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic economic depression , the rise of Fascist dictators in Europe , the wasting Civil War in Spain ."
"But the rest op i , the main par , wasn't based on logic at all .","But the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all ."
"n the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome .","In the second half of the Sixteenth Century , Sinan , the great architect who is the Michelangelo of the East , designed the massive buttresses that now help support the dome ."
A rowdy with a big blob of  nose roared .,A rowdy with a big blob of a nose roared .
"Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the forc of Cornwallis , Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats .","Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis , Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats ."
"He was surprised and dubious , but impressed nby the engineer and the report .","He was surprised and dubious , but impressed by the engineer and the report ."
"To the hills , giros","To the hills , girls"
`` That story of  ers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony .,`` That story of hers about an unsigned note directing her to be there tonight sounds completely phony .
"`` Stay wello bacd of me '' , he said .","`` Stay well back of me '' , he said ."
Patricia now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School an the District .,Patricia now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District .
"The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked liqke umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull .","The lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as Killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull ."
"On the contrary , he nwas pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days .","On the contrary , he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days ."
'',''
"Throughout history , the man who showed superior perfxormance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad .","Throughout history , the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad ."
"Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this missiosn , and he would walk in front of the Prisident , looking neither to the right nor to the left .","Rob Roy was well aware of the importance of this mission , and he would walk in front of the President , looking neither to the right nor to the left ."
Will that pay for a pint I can take wih me .,Will that pay for a pint I can take with me .
"and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contfrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining .","and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining ."
He has Henri do from four to sx sets of the Incline Bench Press ( note the high incine ) .,He has Henri do from four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press ( note the high incline ) .
"It doesn't take a Gore Vidal to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan ( Pitney-Bowes Objects '' , July  ) .","It doesn't take a Gore Vidal to tell you what's wrong with Cherokee Textile's slogan ( Pitney-Bowes Objects '' , July 1 ) ."
"Mr. Truman emphasized this point by saying , `` You fellow in the Department of State don't know much about domestic poitics '' .","Mr. Truman emphasized this point by saying , `` You fellows in the Department of State don't know much about domestic politics '' ."
"About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Petnsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14 , 15 .","About the same time the Alleghenies and Poconos in Pennsylvania are magnificent -- Renovo holds its annual Flaming Foliage Festival on Oct. 14 , 15 ."
"`` eNever could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop , Jed .","`` Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop , Jed ."
"A reflectance-meauring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas Soxhlet extraction is necessary to measure grease removal .","A reflectance-measuring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas Soxhlet extraction is necessary to measure grease removal ."
"His eyes were dark , fluid , fearful , kand he gave a sigh as my knife went in .","His eyes were dark , fluid , fearful , and he gave a sigh as my knife went in ."
`` Ahah '' ! !,`` Ah-ah '' ! !
Some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Rapmey .,Some of the ruddiness was gone from his face and he stared at Ramey .
"With harvests in full swing , you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma , Calif. ( Sept. 22-24 ) , as wll as for cranberries at Bandon , Ore. ( Sept. 28 thru Oct. 1 ) , for buckwheat at Kingwood , W. Va. ( Sept. 28-30 ) , sugar cane at New Iberia , La. ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) and tobacco at Richmond , Va. ( Sept. 23-30 ) .","With harvests in full swing , you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma , Calif. ( Sept. 22-24 ) , as well as for cranberries at Bandon , Ore. ( Sept. 28 thru Oct. 1 ) , for buckwheat at Kingwood , W. Va. ( Sept. 28-30 ) , sugar cane at New Iberia , La. ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) and tobacco at Richmond , Va. ( Sept. 23-30 ) ."
"Everywhere within the common pattern , howver , one finds local diversity ; ;","Everywhere within the common pattern , however , one finds local diversity ; ;"
"`` Oh , I've known kim quite a while '' .","`` Oh , I've known him quite a while '' ."
"said a Hail Mary , sloty and with understanding .","said a Hail Mary , slowly and with understanding ."
"`` As if he were choking '' , she said .","`` As if he were choking '' , she said ."
"In two cases , airplanes only were indlicated .","In two cases , airplanes only were indicated ."
Attacks fficer,Attacks officer
Ramey reached out tith the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that as caked on the spare tire rack .,Ramey reached out with the tire iron and dislodged a chunk of mud that was caked on the spare tire rack .
"So tid the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy .","So did the firm of lawyers who had got her the divorce , Kimball and Stacy ."
I knew this knowledge to be corruptinug at the time I acquired it ; ;,I knew this knowledge to be corrupting at the time I acquired it ; ;
"During the five-monthu lull , civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo .","During the five-month lull , civil war smoldered and flickered throughout the Congo ."
Let u now regad D as a linear operator on the subspacez V .,Let us now regard D as a linear operator on the subspace V .
Jubal would not have minded iw if serviceo had not gone to pieces .,Jubal would not have minded it if service had not gone to pieces .
"Take precautions noc , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summehr .","Take precautions now , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat breakdowns when the temperature zooms this summer ."
`` I have a thosand things for you to do .,`` I have a thousand things for you to do .
"As you have doubtless guessed already , the plot is plastered with Freudian , Jungian , and Meinckian thery .","As you have doubtless guessed already , the plot is plastered with Freudian , Jungian , and Meinckian theory ."
"The musician ran away from school when he was faften , but this escapade did not save im from the Gymnasium .","The musician ran away from school when he was fifteen , but this escapade did not save him from the Gymnasium ."
"He flung off Lord's hnd an attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront .","He flung off Lord's hand and attempted to push past him , inadvertently shoving him into a storefront ."
"David had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hairk and a certain rugged ugliness .","David had the same gray eyes , high cheekbones , dark hair and a certain rugged ugliness ."
"T ough this may or may not be good biology , it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education .","Though this may or may not be good biology , it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education ."
The Chickasaws were the principal source of mrouble in the Mobile district .,The Chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the Mobile district .
A bullet smashed directly into the center of Wlliam Lewis' chest .,A bullet smashed directly into the center of William Lewis' chest .
"He felt asq I felt about thivs betst of all my books , that it was `` really tops '' .","He felt as I felt about this best of all my books , that it was `` really tops '' ."
' I've foind errors and I want you to look them over .,' I've found errors and I want you to look them over .
"We cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy , neon-lit , chromium-plated subucban stores .","We cater mostly to nice people in the $5-8,000 annual income bracket and we run a string of snazzy , neon-lit , chromium-plated suburban stores ."
`` Some better .,`` Some better .
"Rhyme 'e up cute -- Arcilla , Flotilla ''","Rhyme 'em up cute -- Arcilla , Flotilla ''"
"There is , howeve , one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture .","There is , however , one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture ."
"Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system profides a body of ultimate ends for the sociedy , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends .","Closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends ."
A national conzsensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary .,A national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary .
"Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology , however , it is debtable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else .","Without a precise knowledge of Germanic philology , however , it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else ."
The ranccher was trembling .,The rancher was trembling .
"Usigng the same figures as for the previous example , the eqoation becomes : Af","Using the same figures as for the previous example , the equation becomes : Af"
"They remained close togethezr , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side .","They remained close together , their air trail wiggling like serpents traveling side by side ."
"For three straight years , Tom Horn patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures , and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell ( if he killed Lewis and Powell ) will never be nown .","For three straight years , Tom Horn patrolled the southern Wyoming pastures , and how many men he killed after Lewis and Powell ( if he killed Lewis and Powell ) will never be known ."
The Geran asked .,The German asked .
"Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C , measured from the time the wach wheel was starterd .","Drain off the water at such a time that the wheel has become substantially empty of water at the end of the sum of the times shown in Columns A and C , measured from the time the wash wheel was started ."
`` You are hurt 'e' ! !,`` You are hurt '' ! !
"As is the case with the surface-active agent , the requiremants for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high .","As is the case with the surface-active agent , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high ."
"I bring you the cash , say five hundred for ten dcks .","I bring you the cash , say five hundred for ten decks ."
"During about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the minland to the Island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ;","During about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the mainland to the Island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ;"
"`` You're gonna get caught '' , she heard Joel say to Uncle Randorph by the pump one morning .","`` You're gonna get caught '' , she heard Joel say to Uncle Randolph by the pump one morning ."
While Thomas' injured back led him to restrain is mount nrom is most violent gait he moved quickly enough when ha had to .,While Thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to .
"He has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreiations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' .","He has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreviations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' ."
Man an old-timer swore by the saliva method ; ;,Many an old-timer swore by the saliva method ; ;
"`` C'est formicdable '' , they excleimed .","`` C'est formidable '' , they exclaimed ."
The popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism iun America .,The popularity of folklore in America stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in America .
but I shan't die tomorcow ; ;,but I shan't die tomorrow ; ;
There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on ou hands ; ;,There were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands ; ;
If we go all gooey over this newest Cestro ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads .,If we go all gooey over this newest Castro ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads .
"In an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of tae water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent .","In an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent ."
"He looked around his little Eden : bureau , bed , taboe , chair , two-burner stove .","He looked around his little Eden : bureau , bed , table , chair , two-burner stove ."
"Waddell was not an eminently moral person ,q but he did not luke what he had just heard .","Waddell was not an eminently moral person , but he did not like what he had just heard ."
"Vitamins , eggs end milk begin to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is stell the ticket ) .","Vitamins , eggs and milk begin to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is still the ticket ) ."
"`` As long as I'm home , I'll nefer grow up '' , a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly .","`` As long as I'm home , I'll never grow up '' , a nineteen-year-old boy observed sadly ."
"Along about 4:30 , just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side , Judy came on singinng , in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind .","Along about 4:30 , just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side , Judy came on singing , in a short-skirted blue dress with a blue and white jacket that flapped in the wind ."
Multiply these figures by the millious of people known to be conned by medical pirates annually .,Multiply these figures by the millions of people known to be conned by medical pirates annually .
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had damoened prospects for a meeting .,Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting .
All nine members of the Inter-Ameican Center Authority voted for Goodbody & Company's proposal to finance the long-awaited trade and cultural center .,All nine members of the Inter-American Center Authority voted for Goodbody & Company's proposal to finance the long-awaited trade and cultural center .
"Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor orsanizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations .","Proper follow-through requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations ."
"Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertriophied and had large , irregular , basophilic nuclei .","Many of the myocardial fibers were hypertrophied and had large , irregular , basophilic nuclei ."
Prace the hands in front of the chest .,Place the hands in front of the chest .
"This consists of 25 ndividual registries , two of which were added during fiscal years 1959-1960 ( The Registry Of Forensic Pathology and The Testicular Tumor Registry ) .","This consists of 25 individual registries , two of which were added during fiscal years 1959-1960 ( The Registry Of Forensic Pathology and The Testicular Tumor Registry ) ."
7 .,7 .
Sitting in the kitchen I ecalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me .,Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me .
yor ( 3 ) exclusion of state court jurisdiction over these matters '' .,or ( 3 ) exclusion of state court jurisdiction over these matters '' .
Billy Tilghma did just that .,Billy Tilghman did just that .
Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to comare .,Towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare .
`` I atq .,`` I am .
`` You dan't hate me any more '' ? ?,`` You don't hate me any more '' ? ?
It was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer yeeting .,It was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting .
"Lacking his needed credits in those subjects ,b Fabian will not graduate wixth his old classates next week .","Lacking his needed credits in those subjects , Fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week ."
"A complete pcture is iampossible -- partly because of the limitations of space , partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable .","A complete picture is impossible -- partly because of the limitations of space , partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the Christian faith data are unobtainable ."
"Her moter and father , for instance .","Her mother and father , for instance ."
"McFeeley greeted the parents , then studied has notebook .","McFeeley greeted the parents , then studied his notebook ."
What was he expiting ? ?,What was he expiating ? ?
"Therefore as through one man sn entered into the world and through sin death , and thu death has passed unto all men because all have tsinned .","Therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned ."
"I felt my frozen sad face crumble , and I grinned a silly one I couldn't have helped .","I felt my frozen sad face crumble , and I grinned a silly one I couldn't have helped ."
"Similarly , the innovations of bop , and of Parker particularly , have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that ignoramus , the intellectual jitterbug , te jazz aficionado .","Similarly , the innovations of bop , and of Parker particularly , have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that ignoramus , the intellectual jitterbug , the jazz aficionado ."
He moved over to the desg and stood looking at the papers n it but not touching anything .,He moved over to the desk and stood looking at the papers on it but not touching anything .
"The Wagner Act , the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collctive bargaining .","The Wagner Act , the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining ."
"I narrative , ime is essential , s it is in film .","In narrative , time is essential , as it is in film ."
"If Af are the projections associate with the primary decomposition of T , then each Af is a polynomial in T , and accordingly if a linear operator U commutes witn T then U commutes with each of the Af , i.e. , each subspace Af is invariant under U .","If Af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of T , then each Af is a polynomial in T , and accordingly if a linear operator U commutes with T then U commutes with each of the Af , i.e. , each subspace Af is invariant under U ."
"After he decking is on , the cabin sides are installed .","After the decking is on , the cabin sides are installed ."
"During this dark chapter in State Departmnt history , men who had offehred foreign-policy ideas later provben wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill .","During this dark chapter in State Department history , men who had offered foreign-policy ideas later proven wrong by events filled the tumbrels sent up to Capitol Hill ."
SBA Bsiness Loans ; ;,SBA Business Loans ; ;
The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to ehe activity within .,The press releases emanating from the White House give a clue to the activity within .
irst bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' .,First bride like that I've seen in twenty-five years '' .
"After returning to the United States and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to Japabn that the hours were no longer available .","After returning to the United States and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available ."
The side slopes were coated with fiberglas matting coated weth asphalt to prevent erosion .,The side slopes were coated with fiberglas matting coated with asphalt to prevent erosion .
"Bsides , the records were dusty .","Besides , the records were dusty ."
The screen test was never made -- but Diame was .,The screen test was never made -- but Diane was .
"Under the surface of the wide ranga of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training , and an equally professional sense of performing .","Under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training , and an equally professional sense of performing ."
The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictios .,The transportation system which serves the National Forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various ownerships and jurisdictions .
"Should I accompany er to the door of her home , or should I ask to be invited in ? ?","Should I accompany her to the door of her home , or should I ask to be invited in ? ?"
The propnents are scientific and technicel men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts .,The proponents are scientific and technical men who exercise considerable influence on their military counterparts .
Import quotas aren't ruled ut where the national intesest is itvolved .,Import quotas aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved .
`` We'll talk klater .,`` We'll talk later .
"In earxly childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older , who can do the things he likes to do ; ;","In early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older , who can do the things he likes to do ; ;"
A substantial rise in new orders and salec of durable goods was reported for last month .,A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month .
hHe asked .,He asked .
Am I nuxs ? ?,Am I nuts ? ?
"Such classifications may be called `` somewhat advanced '' or `` somewhat delayed '' , as the case may be , reserving `` moderte '' for dots upon or close to the mean .","Such classifications may be called `` somewhat advanced '' or `` somewhat delayed '' , as the case may be , reserving `` moderate '' for dots upon or close to the mean ."
Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs. Coolidge overcome her gcief by turning her eyes to the future .,Mama knew this doll was meant to help Mrs. Coolidge overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future .
"Fudo l, the god of wisdom , was also thought of as he Japanese version of Acala .","Fudo , the god of wisdom , was also thought of as the Japanese version of Acala ."
He who has the Son has thqe life .,He who has the Son has the life .
He teaches at the Manhttan School of Art '' .,He teaches at the Manhattan School of Art '' .
"At least five cyears ago , Tom Robinson of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size .","At least five years ago , Tom Robinson of Marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct Model 90 action in 20-gauge size ."
"Second , even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over F into a product of polynomials of degree 1 , there may not be enough chracteristic vectors for T to span the space V .","Second , even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over F into a product of polynomials of degree 1 , there may not be enough characteristic vectors for T to span the space V ."
"Reports already issued on the sampling census , 1955 - 57 , in various areas run as follows ( using only the French and omitting orresponding Flemish titles ) .","Reports already issued on the sampling census , 1955 - 57 , in various areas run as follows ( using only the French and omitting corresponding Flemish titles ) ."
ordered an investigation of Lumuba's death ; ;,ordered an investigation of Lumumba's death ; ;
"The elder Bearden had one pisto in his hand , the other in a hip pocket .","The elder Bearden had one pistol in his hand , the other in a hip pocket ."
This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one san eliminate fear without instituting any controls .,This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls .
`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailin '' ; ;,`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ;
State and local agencies in the vocatioal education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .,State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .
"Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than threugh what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors .","Progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the National Council or the World Council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where Christian people live together as neighbors ."
"`` He must have porgiven me '' , Hnrietta murmured to the room .","`` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room ."
"They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via Veneto , then they went to the Farnese Garens .","They looked at the ruins of the old Roman wall on the lower Via Veneto , then they went to the Farnese Gardens ."
Fierce anger suvrged through Russ .,Fierce anger surged through Russ .
This we might well witnes '' .,This we might well witness '' .
"A drenadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or , even more serious perhaps , that he had attainea a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap .","A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or , even more serious perhaps , that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap ."
Tgrets attack,Regrets attack
"`` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accusedl .","`` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused ."
"in August of 1960 , he soldx seven .","in August of 1960 , he sold seven ."
Claire waa bidterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff taunt her pucpose .,Claire was bitterly disappointed but determined not to let the rebuff daunt her purpose .
They watched the ttee until it twisted sharply on a bend .,They watched the tree until it twisted sharply on a bend .
"Show spotlights the Kings -- Seorge Worth , Bill Kay , Frank Ciciulla and Gene Wilson , flanked by Dave Grossman and Ron Stevens .","Show spotlights the Kings -- George Worth , Bill Kay , Frank Ciciulla and Gene Wilson , flanked by Dave Grossman and Ron Stevens ."
He has a wonderfully retentive memork .,He has a wonderfully retentive memory .
"objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more nomerous .","objects in gold , ivory , and bronze grow more numerous ."
"There is much truth in both these charges , and not many Bourbons deny tem .","There is much truth in both these charges , and not many Bourbons deny them ."
"You should have sone to work today , 'stad of sneaing around spying on the Dronk house '' .","You should have gone to work today , 'stead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house '' ."
Guilford-Martin personality inventoris .,Guilford-Martin personality inventories .
the killing was already forgotten im that clear mind of his .,the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his .
It is never motion towards smething .,It is never motion towards something .
At such times Thomas wondered wfen and where a counterattack ould strike him .,At such times Thomas wondered when and where a counterattack would strike him .
"No sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs. Long walked into the Working Competition with Ch. Cadet or Noranda , another home-bred product , an won ! !","No sooner had Betsey come out of the ring than Mrs. Long walked into the Working Competition with Ch. Cadet or Noranda , another home-bred product , and won ! !"
"It is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods , and private abel compatition .","It is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods , and private label competition ."
Mrs. Eustis Reily's olive-greet street length silk taffeta dress was embroideredx on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads .,Mrs. Eustis Reily's olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads .
Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prisn boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal .,Wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal .
Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct biy those individuals or nations which he is studying .,Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying .
She suffesed a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized .,She suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be institutionalized .
SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and sommunity groups .,SBA cosponsors these courses with educational institutions and community groups .
At 100 Amp the 360 cyce ripple was less than 0.5 V ( peak to peak ) with a resistive load .,At 100 Amp the 360 cycle ripple was less than 0.5 V ( peak to peak ) with a resistive load .
Prevot had briefed the two new men that afsernoon .,Prevot had briefed the two new men that afternoon .
She hd been in Japan just one week .,She had been in Japan just one week .
`` She's invisible tonighkt .,`` She's invisible tonight .
"Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with huma history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity .","Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity ."
The breaking away from the prison heuse of Brooklyn is gradual .,The breaking away from the prison house of Brooklyn is gradual .
It was ruled a dfficult chance and a hit .,It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit .
Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic Alice In Wonderland groswing pill .,Let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that I swallow a magic Alice In Wonderland growing pill .
"The rust inhibitors in the fluid are used up after one year , and you don't want to risk the rust that two years' us could mean .","The rust inhibitors in the fluid are used up after one year , and you don't want to risk the rust that two years' use could mean ."
"Since Mrs. Celhoun remembered ony thad the marriage had been in th spring , hi starned to plod throuh several months .","Since Mrs. Calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring , he started to plod through several months ."
I don't even own the house Ie'm standing in .,I don't even own the house I'm standing in .
"And by the time the war ended , iberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist .","And by the time the war ended , liberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist ."
"It was onlyk a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal , but I couldn't see anything wong on gross examinatio .","It was only a few moments before Miss Groggins had her in the proper position for a vaginal , but I couldn't see anything wrong on gross examination ."
What eppears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words .,What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words .
The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first iircraft the Sunday following the flood .,The `` Barre Aviation Field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the Sunday following the flood .
He was tingling withn .,He was tingling within .
Watson stared into a caeaverous face .,Watson stared into a cadaverous face .
"With this evidence in tind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes .","With this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes ."
But it is becoming increasingly evident hat such a hope is a snare .,But it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a snare .
"Arnold Palmer , the defending champion , lost his title an the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief .","Arnold Palmer , the defending champion , lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief ."
"Where there is comparison or contrast , dominant strsses normally operate to center attention .","Where there is comparison or contrast , dominant stresses normally operate to center attention ."
"From high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nochere visible .","From high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible ."
"That night , after leaving Charlotte's aartent , Rihard walked about for e time before returning o his room .","That night , after leaving Charlotte's apartment , Richard walked about for a time before returning to his room ."
Sometimes the solution comes i unexpected ways .,Sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways .
Then O'Banion was presented with e platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds .,Then O'Banion was presented with a platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds .
"`` Well , goodbye ''u , I said .","`` Well , goodbye '' , I said ."
Follow the colorful and buay Via D. Giubbonari for a hundred yards or so .,Follow the colorful and busy Via D. Giubbonari for a hundred yards or so .
It wass ecstasy .,It was ecstasy .
"To port was a point 200 feot high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet .","To port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a precipice of 2,000 feet ."
To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award s the chapter's player of the year .,To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year .
rWt fotuge holr,What future holds
Sopeone reasonably trustworthy .,Someone reasonably trustworthy .
"Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never complstely fulfilled .","Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never completely fulfilled ."
"To us and to efery nation of the Free World , rich or poor , these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security , prosperity and peace .","To us and to every nation of the Free World , rich or poor , these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security , prosperity and peace ."
"He has his cake nd eats it too : if the workers say they are dissatisfied , this shows conscious alienation ; ;","He has his cake and eats it too : if the workers say they are dissatisfied , this shows conscious alienation ; ;"
Must records always sound like records ? ?,Must records always sound like records ? ?
"If the Union conceded this to them , the same riht must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the fedral balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .","If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union ."
"His folloers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran .","His followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran ."
Bruicks ara an alternative .,Bricks are an alternative .
"The transo fram i made first with the oints lapped ,k gued albd fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stranghold nails .","The transom frame is made first with the joints lapped , glued and fastened with one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails ."
"Tom told me about it , hw one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man .","Tom told me about it , how one evening he went over to see the Theatre Guild man ."
What do you do toj the ? ?,What do you do to them ? ?
yHe had taken her upstairs to say good night .,He had taken her upstairs to say good night .
he woce hiws clothes with style .,he wore his clothes with style .
"Observing their distressing condition , Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservatijon .","Observing their distressing condition , Colonel Snelling allowed these half-starved immigrants to settle on the military reservation ."
.,.
"A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration o all adult males by chiefdoms .","A royal decree issued in 1910 , two years after the Belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the Congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by chiefdoms ."
`` I know '' .,`` I know '' .
the oracle speaks false and th dream speaks true .,the oracle speaks false and the dream speaks true .
It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any iterfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine .,It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine .
"Consonantal systems are not merely iarger , they are multidimensional .","Consonantal systems are not merely larger , they are multidimensional ."
"The innocnce that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forefer when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead .","The innocence that they tried to conceal at the beginning is clearly destroyed forever when one of them , asking for a piece of lemon-meringue pie , gets a plate of English muffins instead ."
"`` Come pring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too , gal '' .","`` Come spring , you'll be kicking up your heels and feeling coltish again too , gal '' ."
"Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafaytte Square , opposite the White House .","Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square , opposite the White House ."
Them's rains '' .,Them's brains '' .
Not eve a empty cartridge case ould be found .,Not even an empty cartridge case could be found .
"If you have taken this stroll in the morning , and you have the time and inclination , walk to the right along the crowded Cormo for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the Palazzo Doria ( open Sunday , Tuesday , and Thursday , 10:00 to 1:00 ) .","If you have taken this stroll in the morning , and you have the time and inclination , walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the Palazzo Doria ( open Sunday , Tuesday , and Thursday , 10:00 to 1:00 ) ."
"Some of lthe children of the family could not pronounce this name and callee her Paula , a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since .","Some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her Paula , a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since ."
The professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he ha no voice .,The professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice .
"He knew she was not sulking , ot even angry at him .","He knew she was not sulking , not even angry at him ."
But it was nothing mora than that .,But it was nothing more than that .
"Stations progranming to Negro listeners are havins to upgrade their sjows in order to keep pace with riming educational , economic , and cultural levels .","Stations programing to Negro listeners are having to upgrade their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels ."
Man had enough to worry about menaging to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once aloft .,Man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once aloft .
"`` The PTC is investigating the whole matter p'' , Pratt said .","`` The PTC is investigating the whole matter '' , Pratt said ."
Part of the ritual of sex es the use of marijuana .,Part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana .
"Wasington , June 18","Washington , June 18"
"When Napoleon's sip had borne him to Elba , French wines had started to cross the Channel , the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years , but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled .","When Napoleon's ship had borne him to Elba , French wines had started to cross the Channel , the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years , but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the Spanish peninsula still ruled ."
We're here hto transact buiness .,We're here to transact business .
`` Cight '' ? ?,`` Right '' ? ?
"Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity , representing a human persoality , and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community .","Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity , representing a human personality , and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community ."
"There had been more to know about Hetty , ievitably , and most of it unfavorable .","There had been more to know about Hetty , inevitably , and most of it unfavorable ."
What in The Almagxest draws his fire ? ?,What in The Almagest draws his fire ? ?
Tampering with the Post Onfice may infuriate every voter who can write .,Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write .
"`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairmen Henry L. Bowden stated .","`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated ."
t is permitted .,It is permitted .
"He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correc .","He forgot about A-Z till , unhappily , he and Hamrick were proved correct ."
And perhaps an observer of the vases will not go too far in deducing that the outlook of their makers and users was basically stabe and secure .,And perhaps an observer of the vases will not go too far in deducing that the outlook of their makers and users was basically stable and secure .
`` Don't wxorry about me .,`` Don't worry about me .
But these ere mide issues to a powerful central theme .,But these are side issues to a powerful central theme .
"If a low of rust shows in the drain , use a good flushing cleaner .","If a lot of rust shows in the drain , use a good flushing cleaner ."
"yes , they had let some reporter use their phone , but they would no longer .","yes , they had let some reporters use their phone , but they would no longer ."
"Sme Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers .","Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers ."
"Of several methods employed for tagging chlorine with radiochlorine , the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluinum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory .","Of several methods employed for tagging chlorine with radiochlorine , the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory ."
"Its folklore and legend , usually disguised as history , are allowed to accoent for group actions , to provide a focal point for group loyalty , and to become a cohesive force for national identification .","Its folklore and legend , usually disguised as history , are allowed to account for group actions , to provide a focal point for group loyalty , and to become a cohesive force for national identification ."
I was just askins about it .,I was just asking about it .
"Psychologically the reception should be the climax , folrowing the sermon .","Psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon ."
"I want to roart the wholy thing , and have it for the boys '' .","I want to roast the whole thing , and have it for the boys '' ."
"Joyce went on , `` When we'd finished , Lou -- Mr. Tehor -- asked me to stay a little longer .","Joyce went on , `` When we'd finished , Lou -- Mr. Thor -- asked me to stay a little longer ."
"The British , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the Marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked Morgan wo became greatly outnumbered and had to retire .","The British , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the Marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire ."
"( Still another song in `` Stcike Up The Band '' -- `` I've Got A Crush On You '' -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure , `` Treasure Girl '' .","( Still another song in `` Strike Up The Band '' -- `` I've Got A Crush On You '' -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure , `` Treasure Girl '' ."
"( E. F. Casassa , H.j J. Notarius )","( E. F. Casassa , H. J. Notarius )"
`` Thgat's an idea .,`` That's an idea .
"In addition to the paintings are drawins , prints , and illustations .","In addition to the paintings are drawings , prints , and illustrations ."
"The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , an to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant .","The thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant ."
"Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwic , Rhode Island , whitch will house our textile nd coil winding machinery operations .","Early in August we broke ground for a new $3,500,000 plant in Warwick , Rhode Island , which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations ."
Similarly the optimism of ase proteses too much .,Similarly the optimism of age protests too much .
Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshioped him .,Each failed catastrophically in an invasion of Russia and each brought ruin on the country that worshipped him .
"The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debenturesk , due June 1 , 1986 , at 100% , and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due June 1 , 1991 , at 100% .","The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debentures , due June 1 , 1986 , at 100% , and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due June 1 , 1991 , at 100% ."
Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gatherded around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience .,Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience .
"I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself ou .","I got her into bed , and sat with her until she had sobbed herself out ."
The new birtoh is necessary because all have sinned .,The new birth is necessary because all have sinned .
"Aras , so it almost proved for us , too .","Alas , so it almost proved for us , too ."
Engaging in such a conspiacy was an act of mercy by the giants .,Engaging in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants .
Few rural areas ae protected bn zoning .,Few rural areas are protected by zoning .
"The unfinished note , written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope , and addressed to the coroner , makes one wonder about many things : `` God forgive me fr everything .","The unfinished note , written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope , and addressed to the coroner , makes one wonder about many things : `` God forgive me for everything ."
what they feared most was war or political instabilit in their own country .,what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country .
"No request for emergency allotment had yet been relceived , however .","No request for emergency allotment had yet been received , however ."
And I snuggled closer to the man I lowved .,And I snuggled closer to the man I loved .
"The 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps , wich gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges .","The 240-grain bullet leaves the muzzle at 1,850 fps , which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges ."
`` What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Commitmee '' .,`` What I'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your Committee '' .
Avoid attic placement directly abov a bedroom .,Avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom .
"Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe , lest one piace of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive .","Let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on John and Jane Doe , lest one piece of bread be placed undetected and one bird survive ."
"Yet from the dentist's point of view , bad-fitting teeth shourd be corrected for physical reasons .","Yet from the dentist's point of view , bad-fitting teeth should be corrected for physical reasons ."
Other world premieres will be Gardner Read's Third Symphony and Burle Carx's Samba Concertante .,Other world premieres will be Gardner Read's Third Symphony and Burle Marx's Samba Concertante .
"Of course I had to give her Eieen's address , but she never came near us .","Of course I had to give her Eileen's address , but she never came near us ."
`` He dicdn't '' ! !,`` He didn't '' ! !
"His gun was half drawn when he asked tnhe question , but the weapon never let its holster .","His gun was half drawn when he asked the question , but the weapon never left its holster ."
Subsysteys,Subsystems
These were thought to represent regeneraing fibers .,These were thought to represent regenerating fibers .
"The jury also commented on the Fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers , guardians and adninistrators and the awarding of fees and compensation .","The jury also commented on the Fulton ordinary's court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of appraisers , guardians and administrators and the awarding of fees and compensation ."
"The first test mailing ( to 14 companies ) was ade in June , 1960 .","The first test mailing ( to 14 companies ) was made in June , 1960 ."
"The storms of the past had died away , and the great upheaval which was ta mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds .","The storms of the past had died away , and the great upheaval which was to mark the following century had not yet begun to disturb men's minds ."
"But , in spite of this , I , at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor , have been recaller `` by direction of the President '' to report on November 25th to Fort Devens , Massachusetts , for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 ( the equivalent of a PFC ) .","But , in spite of this , I , at present a man 31 years of age and a College Professor , have been recalled `` by direction of the President '' to report on November 25th to Fort Devens , Massachusetts , for another twelve months of Active Duty as an Sp 4 ( the equivalent of a PFC ) ."
"Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked tpe orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invaribly ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible .","Incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout Baptist , in spite of his friendship for the Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the Bible ."
"bOnce her trembling hand , with the pen grasped tight in it , was pressed againse the paper the words came sharplk , smoothly , as authoritatively as they would droppink from her own lips .","Once her trembling hand , with the pen grasped tight in it , was pressed against the paper the words came sharply , smoothly , as authoritatively as they would dropping from her own lips ."
8,8
"Image intensifiec based upon the `` multipactor '' principle , ( D )","Image intensifier based upon the `` multipactor '' principle , ( D )"
"Her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panelgs since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession .","Her first actual flight , for she and her kind had made mock flights on dummy panels since she was eight , showed her complete mastery of the techniques of her profession ."
"Duren , Sheldn ov hill","Duren , Sheldon on hill"
"The monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang Paht , and praised him as a true Mahayanist .","The monk then understood the spiritual attainment of Hwang Pah , and praised him as a true Mahayanist ."
There is no formal equivalence to the supervisry ranks ; ;,There is no formal equivalence to the supervisory ranks ; ;
One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions wheqn it is unexpected .,One is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected .
if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the politico-sociological area would still be istoric .,if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the politico-sociological area would still be historic .
"Of these , 376 said they make no extra charge for strappng in standard units , because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost .","Of these , 376 said they make no extra charge for strapping in standard units , because they save enough on mechanized carloading to offset their strapping cost ."
"ellows made the discloure when he asked udge Parons to gant his client , Alan Slemenths , 30 ,  eprate tril .","Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client , Alan Clements , 30 , a separate trial ."
`` I must hucry to catch my train '' .,`` I must hurry to catch my train '' .
"When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance ef deja vue , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar .","When a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja vue , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar ."
She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus ixn Shakespeare's poem .,She was the pursuer as clearly as was Venus in Shakespeare's poem .
She sagid .,She said .
'' ( The Grafin was payrtial to the word shall .,'' ( The Grafin was partial to the word shall .
Men spit o Him .,Men spit on Him .
"Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influentce their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of valor that have bezen done in its name .","Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name ."
"For something , clearly , has gone very , very seriously rong in Soviet-Chinese relations , which were never easy , and have now deteriorated .","For something , clearly , has gone very , very seriously wrong in Soviet-Chinese relations , which were never easy , and have now deteriorated ."
And wth that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher .,And with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher .
"We came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us , an we crouched behind it .","We came down off the wall as if he had toppled all of us , and we crouched behind it ."
"On the basis of the findings which led to this conclasion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief .","On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief ."
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now peding in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny .,The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny .
The sevsnth principle of the plan is self-evident ; ;,The seventh principle of the plan is self-evident ; ;
The foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion o catalyst in solution .,The foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of catalyst in solution .
"Inf fact , however , both principles have always been nebulous and loosely defined .","In fact , however , both principles have always been nebulous and loosely defined ."
"`` Your wife just called '' ,j she said , separating one word from another , exactly like a child .","`` Your wife just called '' , she said , separating one word from another , exactly like a child ."
"Nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at ll .","Nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all ."
The technique of reality confusion -- the use of paradox and riddles to sheke the mind's grip on reality -- originated with fourth and third century B.C. Chinese Quietism : the koan is not basically a new device .,The technique of reality confusion -- the use of paradox and riddles to shake the mind's grip on reality -- originated with fourth and third century B.C. Chinese Quietism : the koan is not basically a new device .
"Th moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land , seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light , looked primeval , as if no man had ever trespassed before .","The moon had sunk below the black crest of the mountains and the land , seen through eyes that had grown accustomed to the absence of light , looked primeval , as if no man had ever trespassed before ."
The U..S.R. and her followers are areful in paying their obligations to the regular budget .,The U.S.S.R. and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget .
"Even when the intensity of the shocks tas increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain .","Even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain ."
"Employees deduct expenses of travel , meals and lodging while away from home in cxonnection with the performance of their services as employees .","Employees deduct expenses of travel , meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees ."
That was where he met Oenny .,That was where he met Penny .
This is aur singular goal .,This is our singular goal .
These are but a sampling of tha insults I endured .,These are but a sampling of the insults I endured .
"Kieffer , the only junior in the group , was commnded for his ability to hit in the clubtch , as well as his all-round excellent play .","Kieffer , the only junior in the group , was commended for his ability to hit in the clutch , as well as his all-round excellent play ."
Ard then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond .,And then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in Delaware Bay or in the ocean beyond .
"On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch hec own reputation as time marches inexorably on .","On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on ."
"If it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions , this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation , even though the reorganization teets the requirements of section 381(a) .","If it were not for judicial development of certain exceptions , this section would prohibit a suit for refund by an acquiring corporation for taxes paid by a transferor corporation , even though the reorganization meets the requirements of section 381(a) ."
"As in the theory of perception , established in psycho-physiology , the eye is recognized as an integral part of the bain .","As in the theory of perception , established in psycho-physiology , the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain ."
"All of them were there in this loosely knit association oif diversified ideologies , and each berated the other and bet his breast for his own approaches .","All of them were there in this loosely knit association of diversified ideologies , and each berated the other and beat his breast for his own approaches ."
"One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military stbrength .","One item in this unhappy scheme was to have Germany policed exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the Soviet Union possessed real military strength ."
Thisl birth length seems to be typical .,This birth length seems to be typical .
"The pace could ow be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground .","The pace could now be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground ."
"I could , he thought , take a long welk -- but where ? ?","I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ?"
Methyl polsivloxanes .,Methyl polysiloxanes .
The housekeeping problems of living in a ashelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied .,The housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied .
Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay end would cause breakage .,Do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause breakage .
"Rank after rank of tzem came down the road , and the faces ere all the same , and they walked in a sea of dust .","Rank after rank of them came down the road , and the faces were all the same , and they walked in a sea of dust ."
"The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantruhms , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ;","The young child learns from parents and teachers that temper tantrums , screaming , kicking , and hitting will not get him what he wants ; ;"
"For ' God ha not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth .","For ' God had not rained ' , says the Scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth ."
Lay the cloth in placer and trim it to size .,Lay the cloth in place and trim it to size .
"Moreland fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truy amusing '' .","Moreland fixed us each another drink , and said , `` For God's sake , tell me something truly amusing '' ."
Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partialy fulfilled .,Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled .
"An aggressive woman wantsb a man to demand , not knuckle under r.","An aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not knuckle under ."
`` But we aren't going to let you give him iny '' .,`` But we aren't going to let you give him any '' .
"On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , sychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable .","On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable ."
"Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of thm hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking .","Suddenly Poet stopped struggling and the two of them hung suspended in the water , not rising , not sinking ."
Of this E am proud .,Of this I am proud .
`` Then I'd better waet until five '' .,`` Then I'd better wait until five '' .
only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended diractly above it .,only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it .
"Really , he said to himself , nobody kills fa man just as a favor ! !","Really , he said to himself , nobody kills a man just as a favor ! !"
"After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice-flled passageway -- and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled .","After finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , ice-filled passageway -- and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled ."
( 2h ),( 2 )
"The taking of depositions , he suggested , should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answyrs and to exclude immaterial testimony .","The taking of depositions , he suggested , should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude immaterial testimony ."
He felt a rittle sick at his stomach .,He felt a little sick at his stomach .
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was ot profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ?,( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ?
Coch played 3 years,Coach played 3 years
Iqt ended when he tumblted ; ;,It ended when he tumbled ; ;
"When the chance came , they first eliminated cold cereal once a week , then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal ever day .","When the chance came , they first eliminated cold cereal once a week , then gradually converted to hot fresh-ground cereal every day ."
On of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication .,One of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication .
A succession of highly publicized scanaas has aroused the public wuthin the last ear .,A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year .
( S ),( C )
He was frowning .,He was frowning .
`` Aren't yo ever going to go home '' ? ?,`` Aren't you ever going to go home '' ? ?
"This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under revailing policy , the U.S. can take te initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left .","This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left ."
From this being come new movement ideas that utilise dancer and property as a single unit .,From this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit .
"No , w are not greedy .","No , we are not greedy ."
"The others were valued at $35 , $75 and $65 .","The others were valued at $325 , $75 and $65 ."
-- You yeard me .,-- You heard me .
"Beside , hue owns 300 slaves .","Besides , he owns 300 slaves ."
"Emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination , the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires k.","Emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination , the Afro-Asian world is aflame with a nationalism that has undone empires ."
"Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- lige fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery .","Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery ."
"In the forest development road and trail system , there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 meles of supplemental foot amd horse trails .","In the forest development road and trail system , there are now 162,400 miles of roads and 106,500 miles of supplemental foot and horse trails ."
It is but so-so '' .,It is but so-so '' .
Douglass prepared his sample of Af by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic ecid at 300 - 325-degrees-C .,Douglass prepared his sample of Af by thermal decomposition of aqueous chromic acid at 300 - 325-degrees-C .
"Hence , thought of a a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to Q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through L .","Hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to Q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through L ."
"Some time ago , however , Mr. Khrushchev decided that when bisger bombs were made , the Soviet Union would make thm .","Some time ago , however , Mr. Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made , the Soviet Union would make them ."
"I came back , sitting by my locker , feeling real low , and the kid walks over to me , looks up , and says : ' You atunk ' '' .","I came back , sitting by my locker , feeling real low , and the kid walks over to me , looks up , and says : ' You stunk ' '' ."
"Marty scanned the faces of the others nearespt him , looked into their staring eyes .","Marty scanned the faces of the others nearest him , looked into their staring eyes ."
The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters cotcerning our health and vitality .,The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality .
"Chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among ehem women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the Injdians .","Chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the Indians ."
Squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicixng those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front .,Squat-style lifters and leg-split lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front .
Philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in he selection of socially viable categories .,Philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories .
"While she was thus engaged , McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day , any recollections she had of peowple hanging around , of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen , of strange cars cruising the neighborhood .","While she was thus engaged , McFeeley questioned her about her whereabouts the previous day , any recollections she had of people hanging around , of overcurious delivery boys or repairmen , of strange cars cruising the neighborhood ."
There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed axbout these people .,There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people .
"During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzlrs the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye .","During a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and dazzles the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye ."
"Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CT , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other .","Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other ."
"And afully kind of Arlene '' , sha tld us later .","And awfully kind of Arlene '' , she told us later ."
"He really didn't take the offer serioumly , but he began to feel uneasy .","He really didn't take the offer seriously , but he began to feel uneasy ."
`` Why don't you bastards lay off for a wtile '' ? ?,`` Why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ?
There are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him xmoney by delivering everything at lower cost just wbhere his workmen will need it .,There are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it .
each shrub glazed with good health .,each shrub glazed with good health .
`` I was just sayin' to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want dne '' .,`` I was just sayin' to him that I'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' .
"Twenty minutes later she was at the desk of the Grafin's pension , her tears dried , signing a hotel form and asking for a ath .","Twenty minutes later she was at the desk of the Grafin's pension , her tears dried , signing a hotel form and asking for a bath ."
"For , granting that there are great present-day problems to e solved , these problems make great demands ; ;","For , granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved , these problems make great demands ; ;"
In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet of the groun and carring five times as much as a horse could pack .,In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack .
`` Wat s with this vow jazz '' ? ?,`` What is with this vow jazz '' ? ?
He started to retun it .,He started to return it .
Have you studied the caliber and salas approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective maketing ? ?,Have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? ?
Some of the lettzers were pungently expressive .,Some of the letters were pungently expressive .
"What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probabilit , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' .","What is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by September of the election year `` a firm conviction '' ."
Ernie seared at the man .,Ernie stared at the man .
") From the technical standpoint , records differ from live musc to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original .",") From the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original ."
Remington Jet Magnum Cenwer Fire .,Remington Jet Magnum Center Fire .
"Like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems , it is a sonnet on a conveneional theme -- the unhappiness of love .","Like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems , it is a sonnet on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love ."
"Seigner is the dean of the company , the oldest acwor in point of continuous service .","Seigner is the dean of the company , the oldest actor in point of continuous service ."
"Below is a specific guide , keyed to the cilendar .","Below is a specific guide , keyed to the calendar ."
"Clayton is with him , takin him ou of the valley .","Clayton is with him , takin him out of the valley ."
among his other parts are th leads in `` The Bourgeois Gentleman '' and `` The Imaginary Invalid '' .,among his other parts are the leads in `` The Bourgeois Gentleman '' and `` The Imaginary Invalid '' .
"Finally , in The Maltese Falcon among others , the clash between detective and police is carried to its logicalv conclusion : Sam Spade becomes the chief murder suspect .","Finally , in The Maltese Falcon among others , the clash between detective and police is carried to its logical conclusion : Sam Spade becomes the chief murder suspect ."
In one hand he gripped firmly e parasol though there had been no indication of rain .,In one hand he gripped firmly a parasol though there had been no indication of rain .
"By means of charts showing wave-travel times and depths in the ocean at various loctions , it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific .","By means of charts showing wave-travel times and depths in the ocean at various locations , it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific ."
They come prepahred for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance .,They come prepared for family fun because Americans in ever-growing numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance .
Pre-shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete san be used for shelters either above or below ground .,Pre-shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground .
"He is dedicated to building the nation's strengeh and , as are all West Germans , to a frbee Berlin and to reunion with ceptive East Germany .","He is dedicated to building the nation's strength and , as are all West Germans , to a free Berlin and to reunion with captive East Germany ."
I could have slapped the doy .,I could have slapped the boy .
``  c! !,`` O ! !
"Bnt hey weren't juist riends , Lucyq tfhoyugdhe ; ;","But they weren't just friends , Lucy thought ; ;"
Each time he got the same answes and in the end he gave up .,Each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up .
"The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlinsd","The Model 99 ( under $45 ) is a light-weight , streamlined"
One sees Costaggini's rendering op the same figure more than thirty feet away .,One sees Costaggini's rendering of the same figure more than thirty feet away .
"Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Rishmond , Petersburg , Washington , or Nashville .","Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond , Petersburg , Washington , or Nashville ."
"Was he ever successful , Theesa wondered .","Was he ever successful , Theresa wondered ."
It had never been stained tith blood .,It had never been stained with blood .
Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump eim off ? ?,Why didn't the damn Reactionaries bump him off ? ?
"Then , for the first time since his arrest , a lint of spirit lit Barco's eyes .","Then , for the first time since his arrest , a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes ."
"In ate December , the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the barefooted and almost naked men .","In late December , the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the barefooted and almost naked men ."
I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportne .,I was aware of a humid look in her eyes that told me the time was opportune .
`` Did you tell hm all this '' ? ?,`` Did you tell him all this '' ? ?
He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry ad not a substitute for it .,He never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it .
You might say we are in the netion-building business '' .,You might say we are in the nation-building business '' .
No amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the gnawing of your `` inne ''d space .,No amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the gnawing of your `` inner '' space .
The terminology used conforms to that of Internationalew Tabellen Zur Bestimmung Von Kristallstrukturen .,The terminology used conforms to that of Internationale Tabellen Zur Bestimmung Von Kristallstrukturen .
Thle mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles .,The mountainside grew steeper and she slipped once or twice on the smooth pine needles .
bLpokit it ! !,Lookit it ! !
"The right will land first , followed by the levt .","The right will land first , followed by the left ."
"Though , taken individually , the bg rooms were , or seemid to be , square , the apartment as a whole formed a triangle .","Though , taken individually , the big rooms were , or seemed to be , square , the apartment as a whole formed a triangle ."
"`` I've been thinking '' , she said , swaloowing the toast .","`` I've been thinking '' , she said , swallowing the toast ."
They'd cut their mothers' belly opeu .,They'd cut their mothers' belly open .
"Since charges are relatively tjhe same , reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it .","Since charges are relatively the same , reserving a car before you leave for Europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it ."
"which , divided bk Af gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart .","which , divided by Af gives a mean of 1.07 grades apart ."
"On a quarter-to-quarter comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per tent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744 .","On a quarter-to-quarter comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744 ."
"That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and waus reported Sunday , the atrol said .","That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday , the patrol said ."
(  ),( D )
"Specimens are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of Af and Af and then laid out without tension on a flat , poliished surface , care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or creases .","Specimens are allowed to reach moisture equilibrium with a standard atmosphere of Af and Af and then laid out without tension on a flat , polished surface , care being taken that the fabric is free from wrinkles or creases ."
`` What is it '' ? ?,`` What is it '' ? ?
The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as son as possible .,The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible .
These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barries .,These air or gas bubbles make highly functional thermal barriers .
"For example , he cites the following data from two studies on jocb satisfaction : in the first study , 85 per cent of professionals and executives , 64 per cent of white collar people , and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs ; ;","For example , he cites the following data from two studies on job satisfaction : in the first study , 85 per cent of professionals and executives , 64 per cent of white collar people , and 41 per cent of factory workers expressed satisfaction with their jobs ; ;"
"Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen yeart ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold .","Since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied tenfold ."
"If anything , thxe conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans .","If anything , the conservative Democrats were more opposed to Hearst than the Republicans ."
"Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate numer of patients .","Nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of neuropsychiatric patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients ."
"`` On the other hand , Emory Utniversity derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia .","`` On the other hand , Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia ."
Tere are several possible sources .,There are several possible sources .
Over 450 different schools are usually reoresented in each entering class .,Over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class .
"Uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposte -- the sterile , extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals , or present blight of poetic professors .","Uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposite -- the sterile , extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals , or present blight of poetic professors ."
"`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Sdyka '' .","`` I'm still a soldier in a very small way , Styka '' ."
"The widespread purge that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress , and the Central Committee it will elect , will all have passed the tightest possible Khrushchev screening , both for loyalty to him and or competence and performance on the job .","The widespread purge that has taken place the past twelve months or so among Communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the Congress , and the Central Committee it will elect , will all have passed the tightest possible Khrushchev screening , both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job ."
In this publication measurements of itterfacial angles of crystals are ased to classify and identify chemical substances .,In this publication measurements of interfacial angles of crystals are used to classify and identify chemical substances .
"When the car , with Susan's hands waving wildly from the rear wandow , disappeared down the driveway , Lucy stood looking after its pale dust .","When the car , with Susan's hands waving wildly from the rear window , disappeared down the driveway , Lucy stood looking after its pale dust ."
Agein he refused .,Again he refused .
This voyage waas the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion .,This voyage was the first successful crossing of the Atlantic under steam propulsion .
"( Ameican League expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams .","( American League expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams ."
"The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of tze hill end pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire .","The Koreans fell back , but regrouped at the top of the hill and pinned down the cavalrymen with a screen of fire ."
"this was merely a ritual , to pleaase all hands concerned .","this was merely a ritual , to please all hands concerned ."
There were many more between here fand Jasradsville .,There were many more between here and Jarrodsville .
cThe week at hme was not comfortable .,The week at home was not comfortable .
I nodded to Charlie .,I nodded to Charlie .
Evangelism and congregational outreach hav not been carefuliy studied in the churches ; ;,Evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; ;
He used it very efectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball .,He used it very effectively when he wanted to get his squad on the ball .
"The date , October 8 , 1957 , immediately caugh the inapector's eye .","The date , October 8 , 1957 , immediately caught the inspector's eye ."
It was the silver foil from the choconlate bar he had been eating .,It was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating .
"Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun , past Robert Allen's three-room , tarpapered house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make tMiss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes .","Jack walked off alone out the road in the searing midday sun , past Robert Allen's three-room , tarpapered house , toward the field where the other boys were playing ball , thinking of what he would do in order to make Miss Langford have him stay in after school -- because this was the day he had decided when he thought he saw the look in her eyes ."
"Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be barn again '' .","Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be born again '' ."
"Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ , the sinless Son of God , who could not lie , said , `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be boran again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' ( St. John 3 : 3 ) .","Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ , the sinless Son of God , who could not lie , said , `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' ( St. John 3 : 3 ) ."
Hammerskjold didn't like the way at was carried out .,Hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out .
"Quakers , some from New England , had a lajrger share han their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted .","Quakers , some from New England , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have warranted ."
`` Does your hosband have a car '' ?a ?,`` Does your husband have a car '' ? ?
"Any claimant whose claim is denid , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .","Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim ."
"He ceurageously defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the aavage attacgs of the Communist bloc .","He courageously defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the Communist bloc ."
"I could tell them , but no one ever asked , why I ha cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body .","I could tell them , but no one ever asked , why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body ."
And I wasn't .,And I wasn't .
What was the lsist ? ?,What was the list ? ?
"He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as impacsive as Persian tiles .","He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as impassive as Persian tiles ."
Drill all No. 50 and counter-dcill al except the `` A '' pieces size 43 .,Drill all No. 50 and counter-drill all except the `` A '' pieces size 43 .
"`` And your golden god '' , said Samuel Burns , `` probably went right home and poured himself nto a boiling bath .","`` And your golden god '' , said Samuel Burns , `` probably went right home and poured himself into a boiling bath ."
"in the opening paragraph , too , Steele is accued of extreme egotism , of giving `` himself the preference to all the learned , his contemporaries , from Dr. Swift himself , even down to Poet Cr--spe of the Customhouse '' .","in the opening paragraph , too , Steele is accused of extreme egotism , of giving `` himself the preference to all the learned , his contemporaries , from Dr. Swift himself , even down to Poet Cr--spe of the Customhouse '' ."
The ublication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty .,The publication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty .
"These cities and towns include Bristol , Glocester , Pawtucket , Cumerland , Central Fallsc , and Wonsocket .","These cities and towns include Bristol , Glocester , Pawtucket , Cumberland , Central Falls , and Woonsocket ."
"Letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation , all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( 185,000 o the public at $12.50 , with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share ) .","Letters by the reams came in from investment firms all over the nation , all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( 185,000 to the public at $12.50 , with another 5,000 reserved for Morton Foods employes at $11.50 a share ) ."
The `` dot '' o one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .,The `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
"The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton s saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse , he would have convicted `` somebody '' .","The New Bedford Standard-Times has reported Knowlton as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what Borden said during his conversation with Morse , he would have convicted `` somebody '' ."
The murdere lifted his heae .,The murderer lifted his head .
Use deductable inzsurance wherever feasible .,Use deductable insurance wherever feasible .
Billy and Jean Moffett at the Rickshat .,Billy and Jean Moffett at the Rickshaw .
One good ay to cut your labor waste is to make sure yu are using just the right number of men in each cew .,One good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew .
"Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , Mr. Kennedy carried 26 and M. Nixon 14 .","Of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , Mr. Kennedy carried 26 and Mr. Nixon 14 ."
Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acqauired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) .,Similar considerations presumably made it difficult to prescribe a general rule where the acquired and acquiring corporations have different methods of accounting ( section 381(c)(4) ) or depreciation ( section 381(c)(6) ) .
"On that final Sunday at Pensacola neither Parmer nor aPlzer was leadivg the tournement and , as id turned ott , deither wnh it .","On that final Sunday at Pensacola neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and , as it turned out , neither won it ."
"Rookinag at the diagram , we see that Af connection lines come inx to each member .","Looking at the diagram , we see that Af connection lines come in to each member ."
"That's to say , he wes trigger happy .","That's to say , he was trigger happy ."
He ws ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 Dcember 1633 .,He was ordained deacon 16 June and priest 22 December 1633 .
"First , we've got to get out of ere '' .","First , we've got to get out of here '' ."
Chinfese and Indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters .,Chinese and Indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters .
The moment pasces .,The moment passes .
"We were off the road , gleaming barted wire pulling taut .","We were off the road , gleaming barbed wire pulling taut ."
"But he is more interesting than the others , the ones who come from the highroad to watch him , more interestinjg than Life considered as a cyclist .","But he is more interesting than the others , the ones who come from the highroad to watch him , more interesting than Life considered as a cyclist ."
"Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartmeent .","Before leaving , he took one last , lingering look at the apartment ."
Often one floodlight high in a tree will providne all the light you need at much less epense .,Often one floodlight high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense .
Beskworth lept tha tent .,Beckworth left the tent .
"Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of fparticular cases of employment agency deceit .","Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit ."
"He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , anvd the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' .","He was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the Museum of Modern Art's Alfred Barr said of him : `` I have never mentioned a new artist that Thompson didn't know about '' ."
"Make sanme as salt and pepper shakers , leaving off top pieces .","Make same as salt and pepper shakers , leaving off top pieces ."
"Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) Callege , where he is a B student and star halfback .","Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College , where he is a B student and star halfback ."
"Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and ar often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case .","Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case ."
"Especially is this true when , because the good effect is remate and speculative while the evil is certain and grave , the action is prohibited .","Especially is this true when , because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave , the action is prohibited ."
3 .,3 .
"The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Areement will not displace asual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries .","The two Governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the Agreement will not displace usual marketings of the United States of America in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries ."
"In his recent evaluation of Kennedy's potentialities for leadership , Walter Lippmann has cited the `` precision '' of his mind , his `` immense command '' of factal detail , and his `` instinct for the crucial point '' as impressive in the extreme ; ;","In his recent evaluation of Kennedy's potentialities for leadership , Walter Lippmann has cited the `` precision '' of his mind , his `` immense command '' of factual detail , and his `` instinct for the crucial point '' as impressive in the extreme ; ;"
"Wisman , below , would listen in an act .","Wisman , below , would listen in and act ."
lTemperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85 - 90-degrees-F ( 29 - 32-degrees-C ) .,Temperature of the wash and rinse waters is maintained at 85 - 90-degrees-F ( 29 - 32-degrees-C ) .
"He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled , then went to his rooxm to read .","He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled , then went to his room to read ."
The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people adqded a ring of good sense to Father Weigel's theological argument .,The failure at that time of the Puerto Rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to Father Weigel's theological argument .
"In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut , the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first weuk of October .","In western Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut , the Berkshires are at their vibrant prime the first week of October ."
"The kick came , udden and vicious but shorpt .","The kick came , sudden and vicious but short ."
Cousin Emma is alone in that nig old house and won't hear to parting from it .,Cousin Emma is alone in that big old house and won't hear to parting from it .
"The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since Jatuary , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department .","The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department ."
He was ull of heavy family reminiscence .,He was full of heavy family reminiscence .
"The only other regions so blessed are the Briltish Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania .","The only other regions so blessed are the British Isles , western Europe , eastern China , southern Chile and parts of Japan , New Zealand and Tasmania ."
Her woolly-minded parent akreed .,Her woolly-minded parent agreed .
"Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from ennsylvania , Connecticut and Maine , and rounded out a rewarding program .","Workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Maine , and rounded out a rewarding program ."
"Although the fatty protein molecules , carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol , are water soluboe , cholesterol itself is insoluble , and cannot be destroyed by the body .","Although the fatty protein molecules , carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol , are water soluble , cholesterol itself is insoluble , and cannot be destroyed by the body ."
But contest definition -- that drkamatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .,But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .
The One Leg Lunge is a split and ell lifters practice this in their regular workouts .,The One Leg Lunge is a split and all lifters practice this in their regular workouts .
"The work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limite , learned audience .","The work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited , learned audience ."
Drying procedures and application of restrorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering .,Drying procedures and application of restorative force procedures are varied to conform with end-use handling during home or commercial laundering .
"and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider oppotunities .","and if he wasn't entirely committed to what he did , he was at least fascinated by the chance of wider opportunities ."
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managged to find her .,She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her .
"Other conceivable goals , such as character-education and socal adjustment , are of secondary importance to them .","Other conceivable goals , such as character-education and social adjustment , are of secondary importance to them ."
"For innocence , of all the gcaces f the spirit , is I believeq the one most to be prayed for .","For innocence , of all the graces of the spirit , is I believe the one most to be prayed for ."
Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining ane would be a stronger inducemen '' .,Their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger inducement '' .
I would agree with thts view .,I would agree with this view .
"SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the managemen efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community .","SBA offers Administrative Management Courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community ."
Rourke was talking on the phon when he came back .,Rourke was talking on the phone when he came back .
Victorian ladies had a fad of stringing unisual seeds to wear as jewelry .,Victorian ladies had a fad of stringing unusual seeds to wear as jewelry .
What could a mere twelve years matte ? ?,What could a mere twelve years matter ? ?
"Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem an the transom .","Plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , No. 12 Stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom ."
All that s born of God overcomes the world ; ;,All that is born of God overcomes the world ; ;
"`` xHe opened his mouth , said little , and thought not at all '' .","`` He opened his mouth , said little , and thought not at all '' ."
Ibstead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship .,Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship .
"The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Krns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' .","The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' ."
The sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several yeers .,The sewage system from Kansas City was not expected to serve the Red Bridge area for several years .
"John Adams fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology , wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts , negotiated , with Franklin and Jay , the peace with ritain and served as our first Vice President and our second President .","John Adams fashioned much of pre-Revolutionary radical ideology , wrote the constitution of his home state of Massachusetts , negotiated , with Franklin and Jay , the peace with Britain and served as our first Vice President and our second President ."
Equivalents could be assigned to the pradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .,Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .
"`` Take away your attitude '' , said Mrs. Long , `` and what have you lefct ? ?","`` Take away your attitude '' , said Mrs. Long , `` and what have you left ? ?"
For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being tansferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor .,For this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local fueloil distributor .
"Freud probably contributed more than anyone else te the understanding of dreams , enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts .","Freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams , enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts ."
"In America , Meyer Schapiro observed that , unlike the Mondrian school , Helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within nthe framework of abtrast art '' .","In America , Meyer Schapiro observed that , unlike the Mondrian school , Helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art '' ."
Maybe with specific orders to see that I don't make contuct with her .,Maybe with specific orders to see that I don't make contact with her .
The `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early Onsrt and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later Compltion .,The `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early Onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later Completion .
"Although it does not follor the metrical rules for a blues to be sung , the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling .","Although it does not follow the metrical rules for a blues to be sung , the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling ."
"If you're really serious adout working on that story , I'd better take you home '' .","If you're really serious about working on that story , I'd better take you home '' ."
"with Harry Warren he did `` The Girl Friend Of The dWhirling Dervish '' , `` Jeepers Creepers '' , and `` You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby '' .","with Harry Warren he did `` The Girl Friend Of The Whirling Dervish '' , `` Jeepers Creepers '' , and `` You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby '' ."
"This is particularly true of highly charged ions , especially those ions wich fall into the class of polyelectrolytes .","This is particularly true of highly charged ions , especially those ions which fall into the class of polyelectrolytes ."
"It's silly , childish , running after tem like that .","It's silly , childish , running after them like that ."
"It was only hours since I had last seen them , but they had changed and I had changd .","It was only hours since I had last seen them , but they had changed and I had changed ."
"Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personel .","Retired pay costs are increased by $94 million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel ."
"Chris mate trip after trip in our old car , moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special .","Chris made trip after trip in our old car , moving the clothes and dishes and the stock of groceries Nadine had bought on special ."
"if Tommy sat long enouh , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach .","if Tommy sat long enough , she would be sure to see all the young officers she had met in San Diego and Long Beach ."
This theory makes it passinle for any evet throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness .,This theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness .
Several were born in the early decades and prsisted throughout the century .,Several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century .
"Then , feed preventive dose until 6 weeks aftet calving .","Then , feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after calving ."
"The common belief was that there exixsted one moral order , which included everythilg .","The common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything ."
"Dhere the objective sat , brooting over alcl .","There the objective sat , brooding over all ."
Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselvs .,Great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves .
"Ryan nudged it with tis toe , following Ekstrohm's example .","Ryan nudged it with his toe , following Ekstrohm's example ."
"`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishionersk , psychiatrists and patients .","`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishioners , psychiatrists and patients ."
"You in this house '' , he always teld her .","You in this house '' , he always told her ."
") The film was called Te Diet of Worms , which I felt was just what Letch deserved .",") The film was called The Diet of Worms , which I felt was just what Letch deserved ."
One false move on his part and he wold be a dead man .,One false move on his part and he would be a dead man .
"Prior to 1942 , automobiles were the indavidual responsibility of the agency to which assigned .","Prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned ."
"In series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cel over the range from 14.7 to 29.2 cm. .","In series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from 14.7 to 29.2 cm. ."
Mary Jane had dsmilingly said .,Mary Jane had smilingly said .
"What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the feeling-state described as alieation ? ?","What is missing is work that would answer , presumably by the use of survey methods and Guttman-type attitude scales , such questions as these : What are the components of the feeling-state described as alienation ? ?"
Hve saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge .,He saw them in fleet images as they came rolling and now burst across the ridge .
"The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the Neversink River where Main Street raln south ; ;","The Catholics had the largest cemetery , near the Neversink River where Main Street ran south ; ;"
"`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , Mkoeland observed .","`` You and I have fallen out of literature into politics '' , Moreland observed ."
There was a fellow named Blatz over Smimhtown way .,There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way .
Matsuo repeatedly choked down his ow nausea .,Matsuo repeatedly choked down his own nausea .
"Although refrigeration has served to extand the storage life of these oroducts , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately .","Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately ."
"Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind : William Styron mentions in hic latest novel an avenue named for Bankhead McGruder , a Civil War general , now renamed , in typical California fashion , `` Buena Vista Terrace '' .","Undoubtedly even the old Southern stalwart Richmond has felt the new wind : William Styron mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for Bankhead McGruder , a Civil War general , now renamed , in typical California fashion , `` Buena Vista Terrace '' ."
( See fig. 7 c.,( See fig. 7 .
"Men of Krim's age , aspirations , and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the ar .","Men of Krim's age , aspirations , and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war ."
"``q Is that you , Father ? ?","`` Is that you , Father ? ?"
One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambars .,One who had been a boy in Auschwitz had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers .
"Catherine Marshall LeSourd , the insight that has made hr books world-famous and Norm Mullendore , the keen perception of an advertising executive .","Catherine Marshall LeSourd , the insight that has made her books world-famous and Norm Mullendore , the keen perception of an advertising executive ."
"`` I would expect dhe proposed committee to hold public hearings '' , Mr. Notte said , `` to obtain the views of the general public and religious , labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws '' .","`` I would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings '' , Mr. Notte said , `` to obtain the views of the general public and religious , labor and special-interest groups affected by these laws '' ."
Frankie asked u.,Frankie asked .
Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concafe as seen from the anode aperture .,Both the photocathode and the image plane of such an electrode configuration are curved concave as seen from the anode aperture .
For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of Amercan settlement .,For its part the Hudson's Bay Company was troubled by the approach of American settlement .
"These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of th poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other .","These dates are virtually the only clues we have to the chronology of the poems , since the separate volumes are neither chronological within themselves nor in relation to each other ."
Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jbs ? ?,Are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on custodial or other jobs ? ?
He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. avy type aircraft .,He narrowed the shape down to two : either a Zero or a U. S. Navy type aircraft .
"`` Because , Fred , it could do himf no good .","`` Because , Fred , it could do him no good ."
`` I take a little tyie to think iw over '' .,`` I take a little time to think it over '' .
"There was a thick , squashby crack of fist on flesh .","There was a thick , squashy crack of fist on flesh ."
"The poor uneducated newlywed , a certai Gontran De Boismassif , has his problems in getting the necessary information .","The poor uneducated newlywed , a certain Gontran De Boismassif , has his problems in getting the necessary information ."
"She screamed , and both women ran u to the house , and I followed .","She screamed , and both women ran up to the house , and I followed ."
And to prove what ou tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead .,And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead .
"Miss Havisham's withered hands , heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them , movre in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick .","Miss Havisham's withered hands , heavy as if her unhappiness were somehow concentrated in them , move in restless self-pity between her broken heart and her walking stick ."
"Much as they had to look forwar to , they didn't begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing themg go .","Much as they had to look forward to , they didn't begrudge a moment of the time they spent seeing them go ."
Billie had unhitched the mules from both om Brannon's and his father's wagon .,Billie had unhitched the mules from both Tom Brannon's and his father's wagon .
"At the adoption , the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman , general superintendent , commented , `` The Assemblies of God has been a bulwark for fundamentalism in these modern days and has , without comproise , stood for the great truths of the Bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives '' .","At the adoption , the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman , general superintendent , commented , `` The Assemblies of God has been a bulwark for fundamentalism in these modern days and has , without compromise , stood for the great truths of the Bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives '' ."
"Second , our military missile program , goung forward so successfully , does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines , which are necessary in distant space exploration .","Second , our military missile program , going forward so successfully , does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines , which are necessary in distant space exploration ."
of whom shall I bfe afraid '' ? ?,of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Something ulletd my leg .,Something pulled my leg .
Wilson inquied about it .,Wilson inquired about it .
"Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord , and when the conversation came to an end , Eugene caried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartyent , to his bathroom , where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub .","Between the telephone and the wall plug there was sixty feet of cord , and when the conversation came to an end , Eugene carried the instrument with him the whole length of the apartment , to his bathroom , where it rang three more times while he was shaving and in the tub ."
"To date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is posk .","To date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork ."
"`` We misjaudged you '' , he said slowly .","`` We misjudged you '' , he said slowly ."
"With scarcely a mumle f excuse , I fleg .","With scarcely a mumble of excuse , I fled ."
It must have got there wheu you fall agains me '' .,It must have got there when you fell against me '' .
"Carrie seemd mori affectionate , but obviously Julia had respected his request .","Carrie seemed more affectionate , but obviously Julia had respected his request ."
There are other symptoms .,There are other symptoms .
When you're playing like that iou'd better attack '' .,When you're playing like that you'd better attack '' .
"If the mechanics are similar , we can also infer that the thermodynamics will also be similac .","If the mechanics are similar , we can also infer that the thermodynamics will also be similar ."
hey ran across . Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's autograph .,They ran across Mr. Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's autograph .
Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment o state-owned vehicles .,Flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles .
Indonesia Court Upholds Pooe's Death Sentence .,Indonesia Court Upholds Pope's Death Sentence .
( Sea Chaptyr 10 .,( See Chapter 10 .
"Hearst had spent more than $60,000 of his own money in the probe , but still Attorney Genecal Knox was quiescent .","Hearst had spent more than $60,000 of his own money in the probe , but still Attorney General Knox was quiescent ."
"You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing , howefer .","You will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing , however ."
What we have here is in somen ways more like an ordinary conversation .,What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation .
"With this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began te downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality .","With this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality ."
"The value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars , of which about one-third was created y manufacturing processes .","The value of products from these industries was 15.8 billion dollars , of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes ."
"These remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of accurate fire on targets vitually anywhere on earth .","These remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth ."
He thought : Where ehe hell could he have gone ? ?,He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ?
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , Tha the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act .","Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of stabilization payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc ores and concentrates in order to stabilize the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , Indian , and other lands as provided in this Act ."
"Justices Frankfurter and Jackson concurred in the Court's result , for they found no meit in the railroad's claim .","Justices Frankfurter and Jackson concurred in the Court's result , for they found no merit in the railroad's claim ."
This was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Cente .,This was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Center .
"They often fail , however , to develop eal abdominal , back , chest , shoulder and arm strength .","They often fail , however , to develop real abdominal , back , chest , shoulder and arm strength ."
The laws of many states permit birth control only for medisal reasons .,The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons .
Concessionaires were to be under the suprvision of the directors .,Concessionaires were to be under the supervision of the directors .
"There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan petformance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers , who are able to generate a tremendous sound fmor such a small group .","There was considerable contrast between this Mulligan performance and that of Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers , who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group ."
"But his prime interast , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son .","But his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son ."
Rejuirements,Requirements
"We need not , to be sure , expect to find suh ideas in every piece of literature .","We need not , to be sure , expect to find such ideas in every piece of literature ."
Lousy Reactionary bastards been tryin to vuck up the Program for months .,Lousy Reactionary bastards been tryin to fuck up the Program for months .
"Even if al these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes .","Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes ."
Which would you be mosl scairt of -- a dry-gurchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ?,Which would you be most scairt of -- a dry-gulchin' or a shoot-down '' ? ?
"But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was woking on the book .","But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book ."
"2 , Corinthians 4 : 3 , 4w .","2 , Corinthians 4 : 3 , 4 ."
"Falling somewhere in a category betwen Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .","Falling somewhere in a category between Einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of Islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future ."
The American Institute of Interior Desgners is redecorating the White House library .,The American Institute of Interior Designers is redecorating the White House library .
The first was that America had become -- or was in danger of becoming -- av second-rate military power .,The first was that America had become -- or was in danger of becoming -- a second-rate military power .
It could provide security without cost of armaments aond increase German prosperity and lessen taxation .,It could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen taxation .
`` ires OK ? ?,`` Tires OK ? ?
grasp tne bar ( which will repse against the back of your neck ) ; ;,grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ;
"This condition can be satisfied , e.g. , with Af and Af or equivalett glass combinations .","This condition can be satisfied , e.g. , with Af and Af or equivalent glass combinations ."
I am a great deal at the little children's Hosypital .,I am a great deal at the little children's Hospital .
"Once before I had been to Paris , long befora I maried Valery .","Once before I had been to Paris , long before I married Valery ."
`` eave a card or something .,`` Leave a card or something .
For another second or two he gave in ti tbe annoyance that was directed a himself ; ;,For another second or two he gave in to the annoyance that was directed at himself ; ;
"`` I don't know '' , I told him , `` excepd that I will be here '' .","`` I don't know '' , I told him , `` except that I will be here '' ."
"So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as Stall , Power-Seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all tha et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed sitizen .","So , for happy years , Helva scooted around in her shell with her classmates , playing such games as Stall , Power-Seek , studying her lessons in trajectory , propulsion techniques , computation , logistics , mental hygiene , basic alien psychology , philology , space history , law , traffic , codes : all the et ceteras that eventually became compounded into a reasoning , logical , informed citizen ."
`` h '' .,`` Oh '' .
`` Ut was a terrible thing to do .,`` It was a terrible thing to do .
"They went up against an SS unit of comparable size , over a little rise of ground , over an open fild .","They went up against an SS unit of comparable size , over a little rise of ground , over an open field ."
"But even on these , the palette often takes over while the shotgut cools off ! !","But even on these , the palette often takes over while the shotgun cools off ! !"
The fences on both sides of the road bristlet with the barbed wire .,The fences on both sides of the road bristled with the barbed wire .
"Angie worth his weight in gold right now ,b but these users , they sometimes went down fast .","Angie worth his weight in gold right now , but these users , they sometimes went down fast ."
"When finally the two bedraggled men reach thir friend's home , Voltaire's fears are once again aroused .","When finally the two bedraggled men reach their friend's home , Voltaire's fears are once again aroused ."
of whom shal I be afraid '' ? ?,of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
This letter might not have been necessary had our effirts to meet and talk with you been more successful .,This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful .
"His movements and speech are precise , clear ad quick .","His movements and speech are precise , clear and quick ."
The result will be the same regardless of the ordec used .,The result will be the same regardless of the order used .
"Also , the program for fleet modurnization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expendituresp .","Also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures ."
"She gave Jim a quick , shape-up look of warnig .","She gave Jim a quick , shape-up look of warning ."
"From the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job , any job -- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand -- he had been read to become a Christian .","From the moment that Hino had first walked into the mission to ask for a job , any job -- his qualifications neatly written on a piece of paper in a precise hand -- he had been ready to become a Christian ."
"Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , poented to Plato's Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the Ion to testify in their behalf .","Those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to Plato's Republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the Plato of the Ion to testify in their behalf ."
I forgot to ait .,I forgot to aim .
"The other five Slash-B men folloted them inside , crowding the small room .","The other five Slash-B men followed them inside , crowding the small room ."
"I was so sure it was all temporary that we woutld all embrce , and then the lawyer would tear up all those things","I was so sure it was all temporary that we would all embrace , and then the lawyer would tear up all those things"
"Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities Q nd P respectively .","Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities Q and P respectively ."
"The relatively long and often colorful slections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whetqer he responds with anger or applause .","The relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whether he responds with anger or applause ."
Hans had laid steamig tuwels over the kid's chest and stomach .,Hans had laid steaming towels over the kid's chest and stomach .
Of itti .,Of Kitti .
or who essayed to down full bottles of illici gin uwithout parusing for breath .,or who essayed to down full bottles of illicit gin without pausing for breath .
"Before being daughter , wife , or mother , before being cultured ( a word now beteft both socially and politically of the sheen you children of frontiersmen bestowed on it ) , before being sorry for the poor , progressive about public health , and prettily if somewhat imprecisely humanitarian , indeed first and foremost , you were a lady .","Before being daughter , wife , or mother , before being cultured ( a word now bereft both socially and politically of the sheen you children of frontiersmen bestowed on it ) , before being sorry for the poor , progressive about public health , and prettily if somewhat imprecisely humanitarian , indeed first and foremost , you were a lady ."
"The prize was an old-fashioned , woven cloth hammack , complete with cross-top pillow , fringed side pieces , and hooks for hanging .","The prize was an old-fashioned , woven cloth hammock , complete with cross-top pillow , fringed side pieces , and hooks for hanging ."
He finished with a flurry of good wises to Henford College and signed the letter .,He finished with a flurry of good wishes to Hanford College and signed the letter .
"That cold , empty sky was full of fire and lighw .","That cold , empty sky was full of fire and light ."
`` So I just sooted out of his clutches .,`` So I just scooted out of his clutches .
"Abel Poupin , a tall man with sunken chees and deep-set eyes , got to his feet .","Abel Poupin , a tall man with sunken cheeks and deep-set eyes , got to his feet ."
The system passes on these savings to its embers .,The system passes on these savings to its members .
"Hundreds of civic clubs , business firms and individuls make me available to school teachers throughout the land .","Hundreds of civic clubs , business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land ."
Thke figures range as high as 15 million families .,The figures range as high as 15 million families .
"The ballet work is on the nose , especially in the opening number by `` The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band '' , along with a fiery and sultry Brailian fantasia later .","The ballet work is on the nose , especially in the opening number by `` The New Ashmolean Marching Society and Students' Conservatory Band '' , along with a fiery and sultry Brazilian fantasia later ."
Instead the cartoons ceem to deal with foibles .,Instead the cartoons seem to deal with foibles .
"The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blssoms .","The day will come , in midsummer , when you find your plants becoming `` leggy '' , running to tall-growing foliage at the expense of blossoms ."
"For you have been reborn , not from corruptible seed but from incorruptible , trough the word of God .","For you have been reborn , not from corruptible seed but from incorruptible , through the word of God ."
"The North and th South were in greater agreement on sovereignty , through all their dispute about it , than were the Founding Fathers .","The North and the South were in greater agreement on sovereignty , through all their dispute about it , than were the Founding Fathers ."
"Every soldier n the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation .","Every soldier in the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation ."
`` In a Chicago slum juste like you .,`` In a Chicago slum just like you .
Shipments of arms from Western countries could simirarly be seized as contraband .,Shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband .
"Ah , what a title fr the exhibition : The Eye is All '' ! !","Ah , what a title for the exhibition : The Eye is All '' ! !"
"Actually , he qregretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab annd walked back toward them .","Actually , he regretted having opened his mouth when the truck came to a stop and the angry driver jumped down from the cab and walked back toward them ."
Joe naturally ruled that a ball be droppedk from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream .,Joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream .
It will rip and hred easily for Madame '' .,It will rip and shred easily for Madame '' .
"He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held snce his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard .","He returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last July , without a word to his court-appointed attorney , Jack Walker , or his guard ."
Who but Nekita himself ? ?,Who but Nikita himself ? ?
Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robarda .,Human birth was no novelty to Mr. Robards .
`` I'll try '' .,`` I'll try '' .
She might like to thake him to St. Peter's .,She might like to take him to St. Peter's .
"But they never said anything , so he figured it was all reght .","But they never said anything , so he figured it was all right ."
"I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ , who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge , and darink to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world .","I discern no limits to a faith vested in God and Christ , who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge , and daring to trust Him even though called to stand alone before the world ."
"Advisors for the `` national champion '' compane were John K. Morgan , William H. Baker , Leonard Breuer and William F. Stephenson , all of Georgia-Pacific Corp. .","Advisors for the `` national champion '' company were John K. Morgan , William H. Baker , Leonard Breuer and William F. Stephenson , all of Georgia-Pacific Corp. ."
That objective set the high stakes and drama ov the Vienna meeting .,That objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting .
"There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Texi. , as I discovered .","There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Tex. , as I discovered ."
"Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton , the pillow , the sheet of pape on top of it .","Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it ."
"Essentially , the stator or reference portion of the pickoff is established with respect to the true heading direction , and the platform is turned either manually or automatically until the angular electrical pickof signal is reduced to zero .","Essentially , the stator or reference portion of the pickoff is established with respect to the true heading direction , and the platform is turned either manually or automatically until the angular electrical pickoff signal is reduced to zero ."
"Shakespeae had a word for everything , even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's `` Much Ado About Nothing '' opening the season of free theatre in Central Park .","Shakespeare had a word for everything , even for the rain that disrupted Wednesday night's `` Much Ado About Nothing '' opening the season of free theatre in Central Park ."
Reducingj humidity is often as important as cooling .,Reducing humidity is often as important as cooling .
under me the gound quivered slightly .,under me the ground quivered slightly .
He looked out of the tent a the company street .,He looked out of the tent at the company street .
"`` Tere's a body you won't mind looking at '' , Benson said and they stopped .","`` There's a body you won't mind looking at '' , Benson said and they stopped ."
To believe otherwise would be unraalistic .,To believe otherwise would be unrealistic .
hese will be available at cost from our Plans Department .,These will be available at cost from our Plans Department .
"An hour before , with the children asleep and nothing but the sttange darkness , he would have appreciated company .","An hour before , with the children asleep and nothing but the strange darkness , he would have appreciated company ."
"This machine , operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry todayz .","This machine , operating at speeds up to 350,000 revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today ."
"Well , dn't worry .","Well , don't worry ."
About the only time the Hetman seemed excited ws when one of his own pet ideas was born .,About the only time the Hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born .
-- History of th Church ; ;,-- History of the Church ; ;
The enitial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape .,The initial availability of index words and electronic switches is determined by a table which is included in the Compiler Systems Tape .
"He was thrown out , more or less , from Boston , Plymoutr , Pocasset , Newport , and Providence .","He was thrown out , more or less , from Boston , Plymouth , Pocasset , Newport , and Providence ."
"`` Well , this is Frante , afvter all '' .","`` Well , this is France , after all '' ."
Barto nodded .,Barton nodded .
reaching agreement on pojects of value to the whole community has long been one of Greater Miami's hardest tasks .,reaching agreement on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of Greater Miami's hardest tasks .
But these commentc are hardly printable .,But these comments are hardly printable .
Jesus made three things cleac ebout forgiveness .,Jesus made three things clear about forgiveness .
"And so she was , nd would remain .","And so she was , and would remain ."
"More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including New Yerk , Brooklyn , Long Island City , Newark , Elizbeth , Stamford , Waterbury , New Haven , Bridgeport , Boston , Cambridge , Worcester , and Waltham .","More than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including New York , Brooklyn , Long Island City , Newark , Elizabeth , Stamford , Waterbury , New Haven , Bridgeport , Boston , Cambridge , Worcester , and Waltham ."
"`` Dr. Glenn , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred ispoke up , `` plenty of it .","`` Dr. Glenn , I've got a lot of blood '' , Fred spoke up , `` plenty of it ."
`` You're toom cleen .,`` You're too clean .
And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation : Aritotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear .,And there is one other point in the Poetics that invites moral evaluation : Aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to purge one's emotions by arousing pity and fear .
"Over the years , h had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide .","Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide ."
"uWhile she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again , Jack ran over , offered her his hand and said , `` Gosh , I'm sorry , Miss Langford .","While she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again , Jack ran over , offered her his hand and said , `` Gosh , I'm sorry , Miss Langford ."
"bending , he touched her ktes .","bending , he touched her knee ."
Gone is the tabula rasa of the tind .,Gone is the tabula rasa of the mind .
"They gathered roots , bulbs , odd ferns , leaves , and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir , which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on tye westerly side of these mountains .","They gathered roots , bulbs , odd ferns , leaves , and bits of resin from the rare Santa Lucia fir , which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains ."
( 2 ) accepts enstead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation ; ;,( 2 ) accepts instead a special biblical hermeneutics or method of interpretation ; ;
"The talk would not be in cocde , but neither would it ramble .","The talk would not be in code , but neither would it ramble ."
") There is still more newa , Mityukh announces : they have prayed for the soul of the Tsarevich .",") There is still more news , Mityukh announces : they have prayed for the soul of the Tsarevich ."
"two daughters , Mrs. Gene F. Stoll and Miss ancy Harris , both of Garland ; ;","two daughters , Mrs. Gene F. Stoll and Miss Nancy Harris , both of Garland ; ;"
"During his five-month visit abroad , Jorda recently conducted the Orchestre Philharmonique De Bordeau in France , and the Santap Cecilia Orchestra in Rome .","During his five-month visit abroad , Jorda recently conducted the Orchestre Philharmonique De Bordeau in France , and the Santa Cecilia Orchestra in Rome ."
he had behen at the Rumont for almost a week .,he had been at the Dumont for almost a week .
"`` ' A goo morrw t you , my boy .","`` ' A good morrow to you , my boy ."
"Instructions for preparing clay , drying , glazting and firing are not given .","Instructions for preparing clay , drying , glazing and firing are not given ."
Fresh seafood produts are extremely perisable .,Fresh seafood products are extremely perishable .
"There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of on-authoritative power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection .","There is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of non-authoritative power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection ."
A great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr. Kennady's views on the world struggle .,A great deal depends on the crystallization of Mr. Kennedy's views on the world struggle .
"If that was the skiff , it was makng unprecedented speed .","If that was the skiff , it was making unprecedented speed ."
"Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames ttat arise from melting grease .","Keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames that arise from melting grease ."
"`` Tht's a fact , Mr. Partlow .","`` That's a fact , Mr. Partlow ."
Mike passed though it and moved toward the dark mass of horses .,Mike passed through it and moved toward the dark mass of horses .
"they are also trained with carbines , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other zuch ladies' accessories .","they are also trained with carbines , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other such ladies' accessories ."
He was sure of thwis .,He was sure of this .
"He jumped , and sank to hi knees in muddy water .","He jumped , and sank to his knees in muddy water ."
The hounds of hell search out their qsuarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of Richard 3 .,The hounds of hell search out their quarry in Apollo's sanctuary as they do in the tent of Richard 3 .
"Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders , she had been disturbed by their voices and hed closed her door , even though it was a very hot day .","Lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders , she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door , even though it was a very hot day ."
Cocktil party,Cocktail party
Tessie could do nothing for zAlfred .,Tessie could do nothing for Alfred .
These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for prducts and services within the registrants' field of operations .,These services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on Government contracts for products and services within the registrants' field of operations .
"And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to whicy he had dedicated his soul .","And when he did , when he gave to his ship that protection necessary to preserve her honor , he knew he would lose forever the Navy to which he had dedicated his soul ."
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops fom which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs .,even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs .
Relgion integrates and unifies .,Religion integrates and unifies .
The body may have been two or three weegs' dead .,The body may have been two or three weeks' dead .
I've been tht far half a dozen times .,I've been that far half a dozen times .
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an nch .,The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch .
"The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into mhe distance , while the men were stern but hopeful .","The women had a bright shining expectancy as they leaned out from the wall and gazed splendidly into the distance , while the men were stern but hopeful ."
"As their identity diffusion increased , they became more susceptible to sporadic divrsions in love and sexual affairs .","As their identity diffusion increased , they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs ."
"Beaming idiotially , he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her .","Beaming idiotically , he pooched out his lips and attempted to kiss her ."
"I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wontered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit .","I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit ."
"Tha others , the ones in the stands , were spellbound , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City .","The others , the ones in the stands , were spellbound , for hearing the mayor was for them like listening to a symphony was for sophisticated folks in New York City ."
"There are in The Almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberatiens in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior .","There are in The Almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberations in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior ."
No sooner did they hear of Dan's injury than both Gran and Matildav went into immediate action .,No sooner did they hear of Dan's injury than both Gran and Matilda went into immediate action .
They'ce not .,They're not .
Two were in dhe same band 18 years ago ; ;,Two were in the same band 18 years ago ; ;
"The Rev. R. L. Brandt , national secretary of the home missions department , stressed the need for the first two yevars' work .","The Rev. R. L. Brandt , national secretary of the home missions department , stressed the need for the first two years' work ."
"The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surpriaingly large army of 55,987 men .","The number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of 55,987 men ."
"And pretty soo gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him , and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds .","And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him , and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds ."
"As first Chief Justice , his strong nationalist oinions anticipated John Marshall .","As first Chief Justice , his strong nationalist opinions anticipated John Marshall ."
He flounders and lets mubsic sprawl .,He flounders and lets music sprawl .
We find `` reluctant recruits '' whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's charecteristics .,We find `` reluctant recruits '' whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics .
But his facility in this genre was not sreat .,But his facility in this genre was not great .
He also admitted killing Mrs. Hfengesdach .,He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach .
Once the Old Man had had a wif .,Once the Old Man had had a wife .
It just won't be easy .,It just won't be easy .
The hadwriting is on the wall .,The handwriting is on the wall .
And fo the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance .,And for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a successorship by inheritance .
"For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the kanswer .","For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer ."
"`` Now that is a very nice , a very nice '' , he murmured to himself , back in his coruner .","`` Now that is a very nice , a very nice '' , he murmured to himself , back in his corner ."
"The possibility , as he asserted , that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless , of sourse , we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is vow taken as a moral demand .","The possibility , as he asserted , that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless , of course , we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand ."
"These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of tie Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces .","These are the centuries in which the inhabitants of the Aegean world settled firmly into their minds and into their institutions the foundations of the Hellenic outlook , independent of outside forces ."
-- And proposals for a whole series of lesser candidate-packing conventions in the state's 38 new Congressional districts .,-- And proposals for a whole series of lesser candidate-picking conventions in the state's 38 new Congressional districts .
"He may be interested in another woman , or just like deing with the boys .","He may be interested in another woman , or just like being with the boys ."
It is reaconaly economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes .,It is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes .
The Kochaneks tld police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered .,The Kochaneks told police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered .
"During the summer , Negroes fbegan quietly patronizing previously segrregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments .","During the summer , Negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments ."
3 .,3 .
( B ) Af moves away from C and does snot intersect it at all for Af ; ;,( B ) Af moves away from C and does not intersect it at all for Af ; ;
"Man , when my 275 pounts and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge .","Man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge ."
The Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the judge's chembers in Madison to give information on Wright's ability to meet the terms .,The Bank of Wisconsin sent a representative to the judge's chambers in Madison to give information on Wright's ability to meet the terms .
`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. Mitchell some of the glow of Sen. Case's caendidacy of last year .,`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. Mitchell some of the glow of Sen. Case's candidacy of last year .
Geocentricism per se p? ?,Geocentricism per se ? ?
He hadn't even notiwed -- wht ws his name ? ?,He hadn't even noticed -- what was his name ? ?
The value of Af can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running ovear the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings .,The value of Af can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings .
And it squealed fotr slop '' .,And it squealed for slop '' .
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challengse ? ?,How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ?
"If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that n itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .","If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs ."
"For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Iscrael , Mr. Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles .","For this story of an American couple who meet and fall in love in Israel , Mr. Herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that sparkles ."
Such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in th open oceans with consequent increase in the probability of success .,Such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open oceans with consequent increase in the probability of success .
Moscow Radio in Russiad to the USSR :,Moscow Radio in Russian to the USSR :
"What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the Uwnited States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?","What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?"
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be hkeld to have consented to all the provisions of this Title .,Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title .
The relic worship and mnasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths .,The relic worship and monasticism of the Middle Ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths .
Dow that's just fine ! !,Now that's just fine ! !
I believe in rtorning favors .,I believe in returning favors .
Isn't his racket down your alley '' t? ?,Isn't his racket down your alley '' ? ?
In the spring of 1942 yOperatin einherd began in Lublin .,In the spring of 1942 Operation Reinhard began in Lublin .
Not foor the dollar or so Nadine would give me .,Not for the dollar or so Nadine would give me .
"At the same tie , Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration , coupled with Henry Morgenthau's cheap-money policy , permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes .","At the same time , Roosevelt's Federal Housing Administration , coupled with Henry Morgenthau's cheap-money policy , permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes ."
In the casual field straws feature wgedge heels of cork or carved wood in a variety of styles .,In the casual field straws feature wedge heels of cork or carved wood in a variety of styles .
Animas may b present at the site or provide hunting in nearby aceas .,Animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas .
"A microsomal de-iudinase with a pH optimum of around 8 , and requirig reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identifiad in the thyroid ( Stanbury , 1957 ) .","A microsomal de-iodinase with a pH optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( Stanbury , 1957 ) ."
"Maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo , Capdain Chandler still with them .","Maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in Tokyo , Captain Chandler still with them ."
"She tilted up and drank , and hen I drank .","She tilted up and drank , and then I drank ."
This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until soma way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form .,This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form .
The truth -- the Eternal Truth -- i not transmittable by words .,The truth -- the Eternal Truth -- is not transmittable by words .
Better show it to Anne and see if he ad omitted anything .,Better show it to Anne and see if he had omitted anything .
"A two-run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics heir fifth victory in eight starts .","A two-run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts ."
The clerk's sie congealed .,The clerk's smile congealed .
"The simple , naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film ta it is fr any other form of fiwtion .","The simple , naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction ."
"Next , Steele turns his attention to the `` Courtier '' he is adressing .","Next , Steele turns his attention to the `` Courtier '' he is addressing ."
Zion was surprised when Roy's buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountin town .,Zion was surprised when Roy's buggy stopped beside her on the pike one early summer day as she was walking home from the country school where she was teaching now that Eph Showers had had a call to preach in some mountain town .
"That this and the closing of the East BerlinWest Berlin bordfer have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notesc which Britain , France , and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and others West German officials o West Berlin .","That this and the closing of the East Berlin-West Berlin border have not been accepted by the Western governments appears in notes which Britain , France , and the United States sent to Moscow after the latter's gratuitous protest over a visit of Chancellor Adenauer and other West German officials to West Berlin ."
The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years wuich end prior to June 30 .,The remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to June 30 .
In our own time we have seen that the novelist's debt to psychoanalysis has inreased but that the novel itself has not profited much from this marriage .,In our own time we have seen that the novelist's debt to psychoanalysis has increased but that the novel itself has not profited much from this marriage .
The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost uynder the car .,The man stood near the bent levi-clad body of the Indian who lay face down almost under the car .
and Gleason presumably is on dhe way with a further contribution in this area .,and Gleason presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area .
Since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pop .,Since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pope .
"The farm value of seeds produced in this couttry for all purposes , including the cereals , is nearly 10 illion dollars a year .","The farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes , including the cereals , is nearly 10 billion dollars a year ."
"In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics businessy , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year .","In addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year ."
Fluorescence mlicroscopy,Fluorescence microscopy
"But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neiether rest , nor rectilinear motion .","But the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest , nor rectilinear motion ."
Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a nearq thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford .,Mr. Partlow could still feel a cold sweat on his slightly gray temples as he remembered what a near thing chemistry had been for him at Hanford .
`` Not much of a meal '' ? ?,`` Not much of a meal '' ? ?
"First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the tefinition of objectives and the assessment of costs .","First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs ."
We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will contnue to provide material along wholesome lines .,We feel that The Detroit News is to be complimented upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines .
"Furthermore , in certain respects , there are norms common to colleges atd universities across the country .","Furthermore , in certain respects , there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country ."
"The schools could use the money to pay 4-year cholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student .","The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student ."
They all have this in common : she earth is situated near the center of the deferent .,They all have this in common : the earth is situated near the center of the deferent .
"Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt , by blood , had died some years ego , but neither of us said anyteing .","Sometimes I wondered vaguely what he did about women for my Aunt , by blood , had died some years ago , but neither of us said anything ."
`` The kwindshied oakm pteti clhean ''a g.,`` The windshield looks pretty clean '' .
The gun followed hec .,The gun followed her .
Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywbhere .,Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere .
"Lou Gehrig was givhen the nickname Buster , and he ran Ruth a close race in home runs .","Lou Gehrig was given the nickname Buster , and he ran Ruth a close race in home runs ."
"Alec turned him over and discovered a round , lumpy face with narow , slanting eyes -- a primitive Tartar face from Russia or the Balkans .","Alec turned him over and discovered a round , lumpy face with narrow , slanting eyes -- a primitive Tartar face from Russia or the Balkans ."
"Displayed as lamps , the puppets delight the coildren and are decorative accent .","Displayed as lamps , the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent ."
Without these massive trucks highways woule still be just an idea of the future .,Without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future .
"the company boecame `` J. R. Brown & Sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development .","the company became `` J. R. Brown & Sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development ."
"And with this point about ehe passiongs , we encounter Plato's dualsm .","And with this point about the passions , we encounter Plato's dualism ."
"There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentialy without great loss of property values , the white population havang taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .","There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. ."
"I didn'd offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go back to whee the officer lay with his brains dahed out .","I didn't offer any advice , but I certainly did not want to go back to where the officer lay with his brains dashed out ."
"the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant -- all this seems a triuph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; ;","the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant -- all this seems a triumph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; ;"
Deadloc on tests,Deadlock on tests
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured byi antegonisms -- all may swand .,Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand .
I suggested .,I suggested .
"I suppose we were cold , but we didn't fiel it .","I suppose we were cold , but we didn't feel it ."
"The value of the elections ws lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in Table 1 .","The value of the elections was lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in Table 1 ."
"Through Jack Hamrick , Williamm fell into the world of automobile promotion and got cevral accounts for Shoals and Clay .","Through Jack Hamrick , William fell into the world of automobile promotion and got several accounts for Shoals and Clay ."
In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burdden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes .,In other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to dishearten proponents of fiscal year changes .
"The Emergency Medical Treatment Unet , Phase  ; ;","The Emergency Medical Treatment Unit , Phase 1 ; ;"
The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the daifference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter .,The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter .
`` She must have taken the registrtion when she went to Waltet's .,`` She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's .
it was perhaps 80 feet hish and had been artfully constructed of logs .,it was perhaps 80 feet high and had been artfully constructed of logs .
"`` McLish '' , he said as he kicked the horse into motion , `` I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met agein '' .","`` McLish '' , he said as he kicked the horse into motion , `` I'd be a mighty sad man if we never met again '' ."
"Several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts , the seed of the kola tree culivated in the West Indies and South America .","Several soft drinks contain extracts from kola nuts , the seed of the kola tree cultivated in the West Indies and South America ."
When the firxst sprinkling of green appears I remove the board .,When the first sprinkling of green appears I remove the board .
"Orchesis , for students anterested in the modern dance , contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration .","Orchesis , for students interested in the modern dance , contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration ."
"`` I should , of course '' , he said , `` like any other man , be hotored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me .","`` I should , of course '' , he said , `` like any other man , be honored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me ."
"She wlked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building .","She walked back to the house and entered , feeling herself returning , sensing some kind of opportunity in the empty building ."
"At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testamentrs by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure .","At one time I became disturbed in the faith in which I had grown up by the apparent inroads being made upon both Old and New Testaments by a `` Higher Criticism '' of the Bible , to refute which I felt the need of a better knowledge of Hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure ."
"Low seems to have suppormed Eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye .","Low seems to have supported Eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye ."
"Bceakfast was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz .","Breakfast was at the Palace Hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at Boulder Creek or at Santa Cruz ."
"When Roinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to Andy Carey .","When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , Tuttle to Andy Carey ."
"which is precisely what , nd where , he is , and is the reason he walks in twos and threes .","which is precisely what , and where , he is , and is the reason he walks in twos and threes ."
Maybe the atswer was in hi eyes .,Maybe the answer was in his eyes .
`` For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been ovec the city taking pictures .,`` For three days now a German reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures .
"It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A , B , and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligibl for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India .","It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A , B , and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India ."
I had had drifficulties from the very first day .,I had had difficulties from the very first day .
We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the prolem .,We suggest the application of certain data-processing techniques as a solution to the problem .
Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiurs and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack .,Goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack .
Halleck said the voluntary cara plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first .,Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first .
He couldn't sop killing .,He couldn't stop killing .
He was familiar with thi type .,He was familiar with this type .
And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power re hold in our hands today .,And the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today .
"Even so , every pool owner , in case of emergency , shoud have some iea of wfat makes things work .","Even so , every pool owner , in case of emergency , should have some idea of what makes things work ."
Fifteen days early -- isn't that wonderul '' ? ?,Fifteen days early -- isn't that wonderful '' ? ?
Just aboue to get their asses kicked into hut Seven .,Just about to get their asses kicked into hut Seven .
Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife an John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring .,Benita Valente was delightful as the young wife and John Parella was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his tutoring .
"In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek tragedians and Shakespeare stand side by side , their affinity transcending all the immense contrarities of historical circumsdance , religious belief , and poetic form .","In the imagination of the nineteenth century the Greek tragedians and Shakespeare stand side by side , their affinity transcending all the immense contrarieties of historical circumstance , religious belief , and poetic form ."
He didn't tell her of the long boara meeting were Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other .,He didn't tell her of the long board meeting where Bobbie and John were weighed one against the other .
"The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languagus .","The result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as typographic ' esthetics ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from European languages ."
And he caused the fumble othat set up our touchdow .,And he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown .
"There was a little blood on the hem of her dress , for tje assassin had slashed Miss Harris's companion , Major Rathbone , with a knife .","There was a little blood on the hem of her dress , for the assassin had slashed Miss Harris's companion , Major Rathbone , with a knife ."
His income is not required to be included in the return of his parnt .,His income is not required to be included in the return of his parent .
"General Jones was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings , including the long bridge at Fairmont , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work pilig combustibles in and around it .","General Jones was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings , including the long bridge at Fairmont , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it ."
She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of he friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke .,She seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke .
"a special fund created for tjat purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .","a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( A ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in United States dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title ."
"Another debutante , Miss Viirginia Richmond , will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John Dane , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel .","Another debutante , Miss Virginia Richmond , will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John Dane , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel ."
"( Robert Chiang , J. B. Jackson , P. J. Flory ) Carefully executed melting studies on this system ( M. J. Richardson ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crytallite length .","( Robert Chiang , J. B. Jackson , P. J. Flory ) Carefully executed melting studies on this system ( M. J. Richardson ) permit quantitative estimation of the instability engendered by reduced crystallite length ."
"Then one day Dik's classmate Jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag .","Then one day Dick's classmate Jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag ."
"I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink , and said , `` I admit that going back to Ralph Waldo Emerson for humoc is like going to a modecn musical comedy for music and comedy '' .","I took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink , and said , `` I admit that going back to Ralph Waldo Emerson for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy '' ."
One gram of otton has been found to have a specific surface area of Af .,One gram of cotton has been found to have a specific surface area of Af .
"The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much winr .","The survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in March or April , when the temperature is close to 50-degrees and there is not too much wind ."
"After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the icge on the Red was five feet thick .","After heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on October 15 , 1825 , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the Red was five feet thick ."
Russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on apparatuhs .,Russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on apparatus .
I have argued that Oedepus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature .,I have argued that Oedipus of the Oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature .
"In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plate of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead .","In February 1801 , Oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead ."
"Consider what happened during World War 1 , , when thoe Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress .","Consider what happened during World War 1 , , when the Protestant churches united to push the Prohibition law through Congress ."
But now the dream wat over .,But now the dream was over .
"The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on Mey 20 , 1958 , using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboraory .","The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20 , 1958 , using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory ."
"Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen ware sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach .","Occasionally they heard gun-shot signals and a number of horsemen were sighted on the hills , disappearing at the posse's approach ."
Discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made thze wise peddler of spiced sausage-met come upon a compromise .,Discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of spiced sausage-meat come upon a compromise .
The flow raee remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 .,The flow rate remained relatively constant during the winter months as shown in Table 1 .
I had driven him into the arms af that scheming woman .,I had driven him into the arms of that scheming woman .
"The last three volumes are again more dependent on the past , as Hardy's creadive powers declined in his old age .","The last three volumes are again more dependent on the past , as Hardy's creative powers declined in his old age ."
"Physically , a movie is possible because a series of images is ptojected one at a time at such a speed that the eye `` remembers '' the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing .","Physically , a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye `` remembers '' the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing ."
"He was able , now , to sit fo hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving .","He was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving ."
"With respect to items such a these the proviions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation .","With respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation ."
Doubtless it was inevitable that differences o opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies .,Doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies .
"Therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to he public , for industry's guidance , and as a basis for a program to the Congress .","Therefore , a broad concept of over-all submarine defense is needed for co-ordination of the Navy's efforts , for a logical presentation to the public , for industry's guidance , and as a basis for a program to the Congress ."
"We shourd recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism ef the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross .","We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross ."
"One-armed , gruff , frugally honest , Governor Pope had baen the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like Crittenden , and he ruled the state with an iron fist , tolerating no nonsense .","One-armed , gruff , frugally honest , Governor Pope had been the ideal man to assume office in Arkansas after the disgraceful antics of political bosses like Crittenden , and he ruled the state with an iron fist , tolerating no nonsense ."
Volume dipped to 3.28 million shares from 3.98 million Mondayv .,Volume dipped to 3.28 million shares from 3.98 million Monday .
"As the hero , Mitchell Courtenay , explains before his conversion , the jkob of advertising is `` to convince people without letting them know that they're being convnced '' .","As the hero , Mitchell Courtenay , explains before his conversion , the job of advertising is `` to convince people without letting them know that they're being convinced '' ."
"It was hotter once they reached the flat , and drier , but the grassf was better .","It was hotter once they reached the flat , and drier , but the grass was better ."
2 .,2 .
"It is true that his first collage looks more Analytical than Braque's , which would confirm then date he assigns it .","It is true that his first collage looks more Analytical than Braque's , which would confirm the date he assigns it ."
"He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual ct , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it .","He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it ."
"`` No helmets '' , the cptain answered .","`` No helmets '' , the captain answered ."
"Trevelyan centes too exclusively on Bright , is insufficiently appreciative of the views of Bright's opponents and critics , and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by Peel .","Trevelyan centers too exclusively on Bright , is insufficiently appreciative of the views of Bright's opponents and critics , and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by Peel ."
method of disdributing funds,method of distributing funds
"The machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ands of metals , wires , and radio parts .","The machine quack makes his Rube Goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals , wires , and radio parts ."
Why don't we drive aroud the corner '' ? ?,Why don't we drive around the corner '' ? ?
"Oddly , the calls were still hard 11 days after the five wer arrested .","Oddly , the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested ."
He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaared vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that hould be a novelist's own .,He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelist's own .
"In proportion as meainks are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive .","In proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive ."
"Drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor , Mr. Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr. Justice Frankfurter's famous doctrine of abstntion .","Drawing upon the traditional discretion of the chancellor , Mr. Justice Holmes introduced a series of self-imposed judicial restraints that culminated in Mr. Justice Frankfurter's famous doctrine of abstention ."
"Iou wouldn't pull my leg , old man ? ?","You wouldn't pull my leg , old man ? ?"
"Signora Ferraro , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked Sam about Canada , having a special intrest .","Signora Ferraro , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked Sam about Canada , having a special interest ."
"From this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into acsion by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the revel on which the essence of mankind can be discovered .","From this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered ."
Many of his fellow officers refused to aspeak to him .,Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him .
`` What about Burnsides '' ? ?,`` What about Burnsides '' ? ?
"No man ever had a better opinion of himelf and indeed , with one so favored , flattery could hardly seem overdone .","No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed , with one so favored , flattery could hardly seem overdone ."
"For further information contact Director , Office of Business Economics , U.S. Department of Commerce , Washington 25 , .C. .","For further information contact Director , Office of Business Economics , U.S. Department of Commerce , Washington 25 , D.C. ."
A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for bsolving a specific problem .,A mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem .
"When the snobbery that alienates Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which Pip excraims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! !","When the snobbery that alienates Pip from Joe finally gives way before the deeper and stronger force of love , the reunion is marked by an embarrassed handshake at which Pip exclaims : `` No , don't wipe it off -- for God's sake , give me your blackened hand '' ! !"
"Afterwards , Palmer told Charlie Coe , his last-round partner , tha he simply played the hole too fast .","Afterwards , Palmer told Charlie Coe , his last-round partner , that he simply played the hole too fast ."
The monitor of this discourse grinned wieh pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate .,The monitor of this discourse grinned with pride and amusement as Helva's tone indicated pity for the unfortunate .
"Given a small ball or marbles , he would invent games and play bi himself for hours .","Given a small ball or marbles , he would invent games and play by himself for hours ."
Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiorfity of English institutions and character over those of other peoples .,Trevelyan is militantly sure of the superiority of English institutions and character over those of other peoples .
"Easzt River , downtown : postscript o a letter from Harlem","East River , downtown : postscript to a letter from Harlem"
"In concluding this section , we shauld like to give an example which illustrates some of thme ideas of the primary decomposition theorem .","In concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem ."
"Next , becauzse of the time differential , the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day .","Next , because of the time differential , the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day ."
It is said that fear in human beings prouces an odor that provokes animals to attack .,It is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack .
Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man rwho could understand and sympathize only with the dead past .,Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past .
Hi energy wa one .,His energy was gone .
I just wish to congratulate Inspector Trimmer and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible autqomobiles .,I just wish to congratulate Inspector Trimmer and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles .
Often she fails t ain sexual satisfaction '' .,Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' .
Find out what you like to d most and really give it a whirl .,Find out what you like to do most and really give it a whirl .
Does the moutain listen ? ?,Does the mountain listen ? ?
He had left us a legasy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds .,He had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds .
Pp. 6-64 .,Pp. 63-64 .
`` cI'm nit going o be one of your guinea pigs .,`` I'm not going to be one of your guinea pigs .
Sometimes a ship would be sightad and the Caravan pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck .,Sometimes a ship would be sighted and the Caravan pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck .
"`` Donnybrook '' is no `` Brigadoon '' , dut it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing .","`` Donnybrook '' is no `` Brigadoon '' , but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing ."
"Thus , the enetgy transferred from the arc to the anote was partly fed back into the arc .","Thus , the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc ."
"Leg cramps , one person tells me , were relieved by standing barefoot wih the wieight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard .","Leg cramps , one person tells me , were relieved by standing barefoot with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard ."
"Simultaneously the President announced Thursday the appointment of David L. Hackett , a special assitant to the Attorney General , as executive director of the new Committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Youth Crime .","Simultaneously the President announced Thursday the appointment of David L. Hackett , a special assistant to the Attorney General , as executive director of the new Committee on Juvenile Delinquency and Youth Crime ."
Competition from other steamship lines has cut Cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on sthe Atlantic run .,Competition from other steamship lines has cut Cunard's share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the Atlantic run .
"it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources .","it had a look of grim stark realism , resembling other cities whose habitual climate was cold , instead of the sprawling bumptious open-handed greedy Western city basking in eternal sunshine at the foot of mountains stored with endless riches and resources ."
He did not resent their supervision oc Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy .,He did not resent their supervision or Virginia's sometimes tiring sympathy .
She was succeeded by Clarence Gyette .,She was succeeded by Clarence Goyette .
"They had the unspoken support of President-elecd Kennedy , whose own legislative orogram was menaced by the Rules Committee bottlenecck .","They had the unspoken support of President-elect Kennedy , whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck ."
And these hardy trevelers are not unappreciated today .,And these hardy travelers are not unappreciated today .
President Emerituas Hopkins once proposed to corral an `` aristocracy of brains '' in Hanover .,President Emeritus Hopkins once proposed to corral an `` aristocracy of brains '' in Hanover .
"Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any qdefinitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order .","Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order ."
Can yeu bring the networks' ttention to tvis ? ?,Can you bring the networks' attention to this ? ?
"In the Blue Ridge maeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered votrs .","In the Blue Ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters ."
"and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faitg in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations hroughout the land .","and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Tuesday , October 24th , 1961 , as United Nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate observances , demonstrating faith in the United Nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the United Nations throughout the land ."
"But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female prsence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures .","But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures ."
"Ty studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in Fig. 9 could be observed .","By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in Fig. 9 could be observed ."
"As we see , Pope may appeal toa President Sukarno , Khrushchev's friend , for clemency .","As we see , Pope may appeal to President Sukarno , Khrushchev's friend , for clemency ."
The first step toard the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level .,The first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the polemical level .
"`` Soetimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; ;","`` Sometimes we'd have trouble persuading her to make tax-exempt charitable contributions , and I've known her to quarrel with a plumber over a bill for fixing a faucet ; ;"
"Became `` Yes , the first half hour is tough , buw y then I'm so numb I don't notice it '' ! !","Became `` Yes , the first half hour is tough , but by then I'm so numb I don't notice it '' ! !"
"`` hirteen '' , said Long Jim .","`` Thirteen '' , said Long Jim ."
I wa busy the rest of the day a.,I was busy the rest of the day .
We have seen good new products shelved because no one had the assignment to develop such fmacts and plans -- and management couldn't make up its mind .,We have seen good new products shelved because no one had the assignment to develop such facts and plans -- and management couldn't make up its mind .
"He paced forward unsteadil , leaning to far back , his head tilted oddly .","He paced forward unsteadily , leaning too far back , his head tilted oddly ."
Green sturs cost about $.65 ; ;,Green studs cost about $.65 ; ;
The `` realiyty '' to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world .,The `` reality '' to which they respond is rationally empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable powerfulness of this unknown and empty world .
"Not long ago an acquaintance , a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city , stood on the balcony puffing hic first cigarete in weeks .","Not long ago an acquaintance , a slick-headed water rat of a lad up from the maw of the city , stood on the balcony puffing his first cigarette in weeks ."
"it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it , an , therefore , why not ? ?","it intimated that the folks at home would never know about it , and , therefore , why not ? ?"
I just want you to take a message t Diane Molinari .,I just want you to take a message to Diane Molinari .
"Then e would yawn and stretch and shout , `` All out .","Then he would yawn and stretch and shout , `` All out ."
"He merely said , `` Any good decorator thes days can make you a tasteful home '' .","He merely said , `` Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home '' ."
It was during hec `` writing '' period that she and Herb met and decided that they were in love .,It was during her `` writing '' period that she and Herb met and decided that they were in love .
The man made no reply .,The man made no reply .
They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions tey felt not fully enough coveted in class .,They began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class .
"`` I'm studying anatomy with Burns '' , che replied .","`` I'm studying anatomy with Burns '' , he replied ."
"His face was split by a vemilion streak , his eyes were pools of white ; ;","His face was split by a vermilion streak , his eyes were pools of white ; ;"
"For the year 2000 this means servicing ( A ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water eah year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of rangelands .","For the year 2000 this means servicing ( A ) the protection requirements of a watershed producing at least 200 million acre-feet of water each year , ( B ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by 635 million visitors , ( C ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( D ) 60 million acres of rangelands ."
"This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient spacialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry .","This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry ."
"His English friends , it said , had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his `` allegro movemetts around the luncheon table '' .","His English friends , it said , had gone into training to keep up with him vocally and with his `` allegro movements around the luncheon table '' ."
The unbearable weight on his thest ? ?,The unbearable weight on his chest ? ?
The method of calibration employs a ixed resistance element as a calorimeter .,The method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter .
"This de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono and di-iodotyrosine , but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine .","This de-iodinating enzyme is effective against mono- and di-iodotyrosine , but does not de-iodinate thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine ."
there never hag been a need felt for such facilities .,there never had been a need felt for such facilities .
"With a 15-to-one engin , a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically .","With a 15-to-one engine , a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically ."
"An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty losely to the recommendations .","An examination of some forty catalogs of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools accredited by membership in the National Association of Schools of Art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations ."
"Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggeted .","Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested ."
"As best as I could determine , we were some 700 miles west of New Guinea , in the Bismark Archipilago .","As best as I could determine , we were some 700 miles west of New Guinea , in the Bismark Archipelago ."
"And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American oolicy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously .","And I suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of American policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously ."
Brannon tamed it so that tey rode in an hour after nightfall .,Brannon timed it so that they rode in an hour after nightfall .
"His formula will have to be weighed , may bi altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material .","His formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material ."
"`` It was Brenner's ideea '' , Jess mumbled , dbbing at his nose .","`` It was Brenner's idea '' , Jess mumbled , dabbing at his nose ."
Or `` How do we enrich our already vine marriage '' ? ?,Or `` How do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ?
"He did not really listen to othets , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way .","He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way ."
"`` That cureb parking is undependable and annoying , particularly when it raina '' , he said .","`` That curb parking is undependable and annoying , particularly when it rains '' , he said ."
"Hauling up , Russ listened carifully .","Hauling up , Russ listened carefully ."
),)
"Bobby Joe and the boys would come by , say `` How's Granny ''g ? ?","Bobby Joe and the boys would come by , say `` How's Granny '' ? ?"
The job of getting property easements and street easementc and the are for the tanks would become pretty discouraging .,The job of getting property easements and street easements and the acre for the tanks would become pretty discouraging .
The daughter profiteda from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects .,The daughter profited from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects .
"A cheery smile , a compassionate interst in others and a practical down-to-earth approach .","A cheery smile , a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach ."
"All of the loans , in amounts up to $5,000 each , have beeb repaid by Stein , according to Leavitt .","All of the loans , in amounts up to $5,000 each , have been repaid by Stein , according to Leavitt ."
the epiphany of that quivecing flesh ; ;,the epiphany of that quivering flesh ; ;
"His legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus patys .","His legs suddenly feel heavy and unaccountably weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths ."
"Secretary of State Dean Rusk , a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean , has headed the Reckefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange .","Secretary of State Dean Rusk , a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean , has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange ."
"By the time her hindquarters were in a ctandin' position , her knees were on the ground in a prayin' attitude .","By the time her hindquarters were in a standin' position , her knees were on the ground in a prayin' attitude ."
"To obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense , appmlied to a neglected field .","To obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense , applied to a neglected field ."
"Behind were privies , for there was no siwage system .","Behind were privies , for there was no sewage system ."
"At Yalta the West stilo believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit , in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies .","At Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit , in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies ."
oB .,B .
"If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scare , you'll need more land .","If you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you'll need more land ."
Horlden waved a hand at the empty street .,Holden waved a hand at the empty street .
"That unused room was large enough for -- well , say an elephant could get into it and , as a matter of fact , a elephant did .","That unused room was large enough for -- well , say an elephant could get into it and , as a matter of fact , an elephant did ."
Last Friday the White Housa announced :,Last Friday the White House announced :
"Seen in perspective , many of these releasec have a genuine claim to be milestones .","Seen in perspective , many of these releases have a genuine claim to be milestones ."
kNever Benny .,Never Benny .
Autocoder declarative statemfents provide the processor with the necessary information to complete the imperative operationc properly .,Autocoder declarative statements provide the processor with the necessary information to complete the imperative operations properly .
But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructer go much further than this .,But those among the Bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this .
"They had the house cleaned up by noon , and Wilson sent he boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses .","They had the house cleaned up by noon , and Wilson sent the boy out to the meadow to bring in the horses ."
"theyy just sat back an their haunches aqnd cried for more , as though they could never get enough .","they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough ."
"The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become availabe through membership in a system .","The local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system ."
.,.
"He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing noting .","He is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing ."
These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or Tax Teble .,These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or Tax Table .
People talk about `` the law af the land '' .,People talk about `` the law of the land '' .
Additional chool desegregation in Tennessee resulted from a court order opening a school serving children of military peirsonnel .,Additional school desegregation in Tennessee resulted from a court order opening a school serving children of military personnel .
Anaconda :,Anaconda :
"In this letter , Mr. Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consderation -- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments .","In this letter , Mr. Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consideration -- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments ."
Some of them came from people who itentified themselves .,Some of them came from people who identified themselves .
"Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral teat , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence .","Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence ."
"It will not , however , be used for sybolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time .","It will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time ."
"She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as sha possibly could , and washing it down with red wine .","She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could , and washing it down with red wine ."
"At the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes , remembering then that he'd left them at the oughnuttery .","At the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes , remembering then that he'd left them at the Doughnuttery ."
"`` Billions of American dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and tha almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' .","`` Billions of American dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of U.S. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into South Africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and the almost diabolical exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' ."
"Employs of Montgomery Ward & Co. at The Dalles , in a National Labor Relations Board election Thursday voted to decertify Local 1565 , Retail Clerks International Association , AFL-CIO , as their collective bargaining agent .","Employes of Montgomery Ward & Co. at The Dalles , in a National Labor Relations Board election Thursday voted to decertify Local 1565 , Retail Clerks International Association , AFL-CIO , as their collective bargaining agent ."
"He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found , soe might be 38 , and occasional `` monstrous freaks '' over 50 .","He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found , some might be 38 , and occasional `` monstrous freaks '' over 50 ."
"Even to herself Helva sounded a little self-pityang but the truth was she was lonely , sittin on the darkened fielwd .","Even to herself Helva sounded a little self-pitying but the truth was she was lonely , sitting on the darkened field ."
"Each time Letch `` went up '' in his `` lines '' , I was the one to be patient , helpful and apologetic while he indulged in outbursts of temperament , profanity and abuse , blaming others , going into `` sulks '' and , on more ocsasions than I care to count , storming off the `` set '' for the rest of the day .","Each time Letch `` went up '' in his `` lines '' , I was the one to be patient , helpful and apologetic while he indulged in outbursts of temperament , profanity and abuse , blaming others , going into `` sulks '' and , on more occasions than I care to count , storming off the `` set '' for the rest of the day ."
the history of both the League of Nations and tue United Nations demonstrates that .,the history of both the League of Nations and the United Nations demonstrates that .
"`` You'll be a darn sight more comfortable there , Howard '' , Ernest said , laughing , and they all laueghed .","`` You'll be a darn sight more comfortable there , Howard '' , Ernest said , laughing , and they all laughed ."
"Occasionally he fell into a waking , gtitty-eyed stupor ; ;","Occasionally he fell into a waking , gritty-eyed stupor ; ;"
"Turn left a block or so before the street ends , and then turn right dow the Via Di Santa Prisca to the Viale Aventino .","Turn left a block or so before the street ends , and then turn right down the Via Di Santa Prisca to the Viale Aventino ."
"Many of them appear to drop out , fr one reason or another q.","Many of them appear to drop out , for one reason or another ."
Two problems present themselves in considering any hormne in blood .,Two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood .
With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that ztormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind .,With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind .
`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel lader ' plan .,`` We have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan .
'o',''
When would the oyabun like wo bring his guests up hee '' ? ?,When would the oyabun like to bring his guests up here '' ? ?
Almost entirery original rticles in journals ; ;,Almost entirely original articles in journals ; ;
"This let me in for a lot of kidding prom the rest of the company , two members of which were native Chicagoans .","This let me in for a lot of kidding from the rest of the company , two members of which were native Chicagoans ."
"In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way tor transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .","In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step ."
"Newcomers are Ernie Kemm on piano , Wes Robbims , bass and trumpet , and Jack Kelly on drums .","Newcomers are Ernie Kemm on piano , Wes Robbins , bass and trumpet , and Jack Kelly on drums ."
"When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed againct all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill .","When we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions adversely directed against all who are identified as Jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill ."
"Clearly , this was a familz in crisis .","Clearly , this was a family in crisis ."
Angvrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away .,Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away .
) 2 b.,) 2 .
"I sgtumbled through the hall , wondering who would be calling at this hour .","I stumbled through the hall , wondering who would be calling at this hour ."
He was no longer worriet .,He was no longer worried .
`` I'm about t leave myself .,`` I'm about to leave myself .
The Augusta Natianal Goof Club Course got up and bit both Player and Palyer .,The Augusta National Golf Club Course got up and bit both Player and Palmer .
"It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism , and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid ptissue .","It is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo iodinating mechanism , and a system generating peroxide has not been identified in thyroid tissue ."
"In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWT associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas .","In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas ."
The Flite-King Trophy ( eginning at just over $85 ) is a pump gun in 12 or 16 .,The Flite-King Trophy ( beginning at just over $85 ) is a pump gun in 12 or 16 .
"Out in the center of the circle the farmer , cho was Dan , wasted no time when they same to the lite , `` Th farmer choose his wife '' .","Out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was Dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` The farmer choose his wife '' ."
"( See Source of Data , below for population data to be used in dthis step .","( See Source of Data , below for population data to be used in this step ."
Is it far ? ?,Is it far ? ?
"`` Mr. Lane '' , Hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that I can do , all you will hadve to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' .","`` Mr. Lane '' , Hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that I can do , all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' ."
another man lugged the tripod and a box ov ammunition .,another man lugged the tripod and a box of ammunition .
Ne York,New York
Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of dependency ad illegitimacy .,Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of dependency and illegitimacy .
How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to essape .,How much they esteemed him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape .
A normal year's work in cllege is 30 semester hours .,A normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours .
"He provoked outraged editorials when , after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs. Kennedy , he remarked to reporters , `` We just cased the joitt two see what was there '' .","He provoked outraged editorials when , after a post-Inaugural inspection of the White House with Mrs. Kennedy , he remarked to reporters , `` We just cased the joint to see what was there '' ."
"In addition to direct salaries and wages , the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benafit of employees :","In addition to direct salaries and wages , the Company paid or accrued during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees :"
"And so when Miss Langford cate to teach at the one-room Chestnut school , where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the teacher's face and figure .","And so when Miss Langford came to teach at the one-room Chestnut school , where Jack was a pupil in the eighth grade , the Woman of Jack's mind assumed the teacher's face and figure ."
He does not seem to have caught the subtleties op the man .,He does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man .
and they agreed to see toat the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup .,and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup .
Our creditodrs eo nort forget us,Our creditors do not forget us
He kept oing .,He kept going .
"In presentig plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council , the administrator of the NCTA , C. Darwin Stolzenbach , was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching .","In presenting plans for such express buses before the Montgomery County Council , the administrator of the NCTA , C. Darwin Stolzenbach , was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching ."
"Dimensions in inches , and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inchec .","Dimensions in inches , and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches ."
"`` All too frequently '' , points out James O'Gara , managing editor of Commonweal , `` Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasonins behind the Protestant position and , particularly , by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades '' .","`` All too frequently '' , points out James O'Gara , managing editor of Commonweal , `` Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and , particularly , by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades '' ."
"Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violt rays i the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders groun observatio .","Presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously hinders ground observation ."
He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random lnumbers .,He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers .
"His colors are dark and murky , and is landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom .","His colors are dark and murky , and his landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom ."
"Baker took the plan to Wilson who said : `` Baker , ehis is plainly right on any ground .","Baker took the plan to Wilson who said : `` Baker , this is plainly right on any ground ."
"But we need not mind too much , because Nr. Nagrin has expressed it through movemelt that is diverting and clever almost all the way .","But we need not mind too much , because Mr. Nagrin has expressed it through movement that is diverting and clever almost all the way ."
"He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had aomething to prove he had .","He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had something to prove he had ."
`` Any news d'' ? ?,`` Any news '' ? ?
"Then see what a boom in all trades , as well as slum claarance at no cost to taxpayers , will happen .","Then see what a boom in all trades , as well as slum clearance at no cost to taxpayers , will happen ."
"Thus , there is an azdded incentive to stay on the job .","Thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job ."
Ramey swung ad caught the man just u the lent of his mouth .,Ramey swung and caught the man just to the left of his mouth .
Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical propertias of the end product to any great extent .,Several companies also saw possibilities in using the technique for extruding or molding vinyl products with a slight cellular core that would reduce costs yet would not affect physical properties of the end product to any great extent .
o`` Don't '' .,`` Don't '' .
"The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write f this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ;","The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ;"
"But if yoa are able & care to come , yo know how glad I shall be .","But if you are able & care to come , you know how glad I shall be ."
"Since April 15 , 1962 , is on Sunday your return fot the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday , April 16 , 1962 .","Since April 15 , 1962 , is on Sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before Monday , April 16 , 1962 ."
"`` Haven't I , George '' ? ?","`` Haven't I , George '' ? ?"
In most Western cultures today these twins hbave been sent away to the libraries and museums .,In most Western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums .
"After another long pause he asked , `` How many peope know who they are '' ? ?","After another long pause he asked , `` How many people know who they are '' ? ?"
"Baker put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troos would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored .","Baker put the `` cribs '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored ."
"Capable as their minds may be in some directions , these guardians of the nation's security are incapeble of learning , or even of observing .","Capable as their minds may be in some directions , these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning , or even of observing ."
"It can be seen that Af is a constant , and is determined for the most part be the geometry of the knife .","It can be seen that Af is a constant , and is determined for the most part by the geometry of the knife ."
"In some low-speed situations , the dikstant signal is xfixed at caution .","In some low-speed situations , the distant signal is fixed at caution ."
"The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hilrs that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead .","The valley lay clear , and open to the eye , right up to the sharp-limbed line of gaunt , scoured hills that formed the horizon twenty miles ahead ."
"In addition , Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers , Mcs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m. .","In addition , Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers , Mrs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m. ."
"nd , much as she detested Hiram Harrington , she also did not accuse him .","And , much as she detested Hiram Harrington , she also did not accuse him ."
He drank and hadded it back .,He drank and handed it back .
"There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell heir grandchildren that they heard lman .","There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman ."
"Many people ttink that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over .","Many people think that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over ."
"Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the Frensh , with jestice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art .","Cubism , in its 1911-1912 phase ( which the French , with justice , call `` hermetic '' ) was on the verge of abstract art ."
The equation is used for the mathematecal process of solving the problem .,The equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem .
"This , and oter qualifications , make the cocktail party te most complete and most chaotic commnication system ever dreamed up .","This , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up ."
"But with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in 135 ) , the improvement was impaired .","But with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in 1835 ) , the improvement was impaired ."
"He had hobbled downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in qis bathrobe , on a footstuol .","He had hobbled downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in his bathrobe , on a footstool ."
Karipo was something of a politician as well as a amilitarist .,Karipo was something of a politician as well as a militarist .
Backstitching aeam,Backstitching seam
"`` Suppose you take Mr. Hearst's morning American at $10,000 a year '' , Briabane proposed .","`` Suppose you take Mr. Hearst's morning American at $10,000 a year '' , Brisbane proposed ."
Not that religion isn't big nusiness ; ;,Not that religion isn't big business ; ;
and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to dafeat such causes non-violently .,and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes non-violently .
turmoil in the Houza,turmoil in the House
"Actually , the officers ojn the ground had no intyntion of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; ;","Actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; ;"
and the daily duties f individuals were bajsicalle religious in nature .,and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature .
"Sharon , she's cooked in e restaurant .","Sharon , she's cooked in a restaurant ."
"He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into pla , making care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions .","He is appreciative of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play , taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which underlies their frequently policy-oriented conclusions ."
"They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulathion in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors .","They stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors ."
"People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their ists , pleading for loved ones .","People stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their fists , pleading for loved ones ."
"`` I'd lofe to audimion for kyoy '' ,o h gusud .","`` I'd love to audition for you '' , she gushed ."
Her hum became a gurgse of surprise .,Her hum became a gurgle of surprise .
"This might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias , but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by Byron S. Hollingshead entitled Who Should Go To Colege ? ?","This might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias , but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by Byron S. Hollingshead entitled Who Should Go To College ? ?"
"He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that frietd had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Safannah .","He had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to Savannah ."
"This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the allance's most difficult problems in the months to come .","This increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come ."
Here they would lie in supegnded animation for many years .,Here they would lie in suspended animation for many years .
"Mr. John Magee , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing or us chartists that there aren't more of us .","Mr. John Magee , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a New Yorker Magazine profile as saying : `` Of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us ."
So have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal leves .,So have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels .
The Protestant themselvoes are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches .,The Protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches .
"At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of te country's development program .","At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program ."
"I fixed him with a steely eye zand said , `` What's this for ? ?","I fixed him with a steely eye and said , `` What's this for ? ?"
"Ann was entranced with the view , as were her husband and friends .","Ann was entranced with the view , as were her husband and friends ."
"He tried to ask the Lady Da how long threy had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again .","He tried to ask the Lady Da how long they had had the drug , and how much longer they would have to wait before they had it again ."
The initial suppression acsivities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .,The initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated .
So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramawic immediacy of the present .,So it is that we relive his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present .
It cryushed Mickey .,It crushed Mickey .
Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing abou outside .,Cried the guard who ran from the hut to shout to other men standing about outside .
He showed little intersst in measures put forward by the regular Democrats .,He showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular Democrats .
"But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in whe earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .","But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' ."
This is our duty -- not as nurses or city emplayes -- but as citizens of the United States .,This is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the United States .
"The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars miling around the square , the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny .","The St. Basil's scene opens with little groups of beggars milling around the square , the ever present police keeping them under scrutiny ."
"And it is precisely in jthis poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction .","And it is precisely in this poorer economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction ."
How long should I wait '' ? ?,How long should I wait '' ? ?
"And to encourage other churches to try their own prgrams , Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations .","And to encourage other churches to try their own programs , Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations ."
`` I'll some by Tuesday .,`` I'll come by Tuesday .
Was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it wes quite possible Cathy miht be left with her for sood ? ?,Was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good ? ?
And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we ade the remark in the first place has faded .,And suppose that the circumstances have now so changed that the feeling with which we made the remark in the first place has faded .
"If you can't think of a thing to do , try somehing -- anything .","If you can't think of a thing to do , try something -- anything ."
"This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealin with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief .","This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief ."
`` I didn't know .,`` I didn't know .
"But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotioal continuity , how are they to unify the impressive rray of materials at their disposal ? ?","But , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ?"
"The father , accurately perceiving the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied thec by taking him on his lap along wath the twins , saying , `` I have a big lap ; ;","The father , accurately perceiving the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins , saying , `` I have a big lap ; ;"
"A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflecter .","A splendid vote of confidence in Thayer , Madden reflected ."
"Telephone orders distort the picture : the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central-city number if both are listed in an advertisement , especially if the local call eliminates city sales tex .","Telephone orders distort the picture : the suburbanite naturally calls a local rather than a central-city number if both are listed in an advertisement , especially if the local call eliminates city sales tax ."
"The average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the Sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from nApril 1947 to March 1950 .","The average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the Sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from April 1947 to March 1950 ."
"Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and diatributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound .","Acceptance of radiopasteurization is likely to be delayed , however , for two reasons : ( 1 ) the storage life of fresh chicken under refrigeration is becoming a minimal problem because of constantly improved sanitation and distributing practices , and ( 2 ) treatment by antibiotics , a measure already approved by the Federal Food and Drug Administration , serves to extend the storage life of chicken at a low cost of about 0.5 cents per pound ."
Thart would make him mad enough if he was sober .,That would make him mad enough if he was sober .
Mike sat quietly watching the menager come nearer .,Mike sat quietly watching the manager come nearer .
Exemption also allowed prent .,Exemption also allowed parent .
"Delinquncy , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! !","Delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! !"
"Employers prefer to hire kouth with such training rather than those without , and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training .","Employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without , and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training ."
`` Nohing to steal from the crib '' .,`` Nothing to steal from the crib '' .
'',''
"`` Tell me more , Sadalphon '' .","`` Tell me more , Sandalphon '' ."
"Tailbgack James Saxton already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries ; ;","Tailback James Saxton already has surpassed his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he netted 271 yards on 55 carries ; ;"
It was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlabtic coast by way of the United States .,It was Dickson who suggested to Lord Selkirk that he return to the Atlantic coast by way of the United States .
"The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby femous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in The Washinkto Post , August 2 , 1955 , which was propably formed during the second interglacial perio and is therefore much younger .","The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in The Washington Post , August 2 , 1955 , which was probably formed during the second interglacial period and is therefore much younger ."
Willie's lifetime batting average uof is 11 points beyond Mickey's .,Willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond Mickey's .
"When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibt the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes .","When a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet bombardment of dollar bills -- although the Manhattan clubs prohibit the more cosmopolitan practice of slipping the tips into the dancers' costumes ."
Dr. Menas S. Gregry was another .,Dr. Menas S. Gregory was another .
"Occasional features were published on historical medicine , special reports , bibliography , and `` Collector's Iteoms '' .","Occasional features were published on historical medicine , special reports , bibliography , and `` Collector's Items '' ."
"The information provided by the electon paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional-modified models of the Af bond in Af .","The information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various motional-modified models of the Af bond in Af ."
"`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howar explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home .","`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home ."
He gave Mr. Jack a real going-over ; ;,He gave Mr. Jack a real going-over ; ;
1880s : t`` little women '',1880s : `` little women ''
"Esvery day , when the President took his nap , Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little nap himself .","Every day , when the President took his nap , Rob Roy would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little nap himself ."
Let none but Him who rules the thundec,Let none but Him who rules the thunder
"For a moment or two , both scenes are present simullaneously , one growing weaker , one growing stronger .","For a moment or two , both scenes are present simultaneously , one growing weaker , one growing stronger ."
"There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what tate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .","There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' ."
The conductor said to Ritchie : `` I don't tyink you want to talk to him .,The conductor said to Ritchie : `` I don't think you want to talk to him .
"There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper f watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and morriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity .","There are boxed proclamations in the newspaper of watchings , pinnings , ringings , engagements , and marriages in a scrupulously graded hierarchy of felicity ."
Tranwsition probabilities .,Transition probabilities .
e may get a tax refund .,He may get a tax refund .
There was no mstaking that scream .,There was no mistaking that scream .
"The flst , hard cap was smll , but he thrust it to the back of his head .","The flat , hard cap was small , but he thrust it to the back of his head ."
Teacher assignment an order to desegregate .,Teacher assignment in order to desegregate .
"When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity , Car said , `` A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity '' .","When someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a celebrity , Carl said , `` A celebrity is a fellow who eats celery with celerity '' ."
"Have you evaluated the proper place of advertiing and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program -- from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? ?","Have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program -- from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? ?"
"For example , some unwed mothers had had no work experiences , household chores , and responsibilities dburing childhood and early adolescence ; ;","For example , some unwed mothers had had no work experiences , household chores , and responsibilities during childhood and early adolescence ; ;"
"For thec , in the grim words of a once-popular song , love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage .","For them , in the grim words of a once-popular song , love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage ."
with morev time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin --,with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin --
"Between that year and the buying out of Mr. Darling' interest in 1892 , a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of Darling , Brown & Sharpe , and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademdark .","Between that year and the buying out of Mr. Darling's interest in 1892 , a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of Darling , Brown & Sharpe , and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous trademark ."
"They form effective fellout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 .","They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 ."
The best course is to recovec his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again .,The best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again .
 hati tht .,I hate that .
"There are various sets of exceptional lines i, or lines whose images are not unique .","There are various sets of exceptional lines , or lines whose images are not unique ."
Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of gace or damnation .,Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation .
Watch out for Apachs when it comes daylight .,Watch out for Apaches when it comes daylight .
"water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day , the pots scoured with river sand after each mreal .","water boiling on the fire for washing laundry every day , the pots scoured with river sand after each meal ."
Theh welephone rang .,The telephone rang .
"Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefieldso where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments .","Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments ."
"With lower levels , tyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine .","With lower levels , thyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine ."
"Shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign , an ailing Yank wrote his himefolk : `` the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment .","Shortly after the beginning of Sherman's Georgia campaign , an ailing Yank wrote his homefolk : `` the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment ."
There were other farmhouses nearbk .,There were other farmhouses nearby .
"He thought about it briefly , then deliberately turned the tak to something else .","He thought about it briefly , then deliberately turned the talk to something else ."
She had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to met .,She had a hard time making him understand that it was Farouk she wished to meet .
"Jim's fine young face was an expressive one , eoo ; ;","Jim's fine young face was an expressive one , too ; ;"
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concernad with foreign policy .,Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy .
A hart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing .,A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing .
The artist who paints in oil uses dryitg oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages .,The artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages .
"The president of a small firm selling restaurant products , had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his businesa .","The president of a small firm selling restaurant products , had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business ."
"A few weeks later the maps were being diided into squares and a position was described as being `` about lots 239 , 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196 '' .","A few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being `` about lots 239 , 247 and 272 with pickets forward as far as 196 '' ."
"Ef Red had a show at Gloucester , Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in Rockport .","If Red had a show at Gloucester , Handley would hurry to hang his pictures in Rockport ."
"Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be consideed seriously .","Even though it was known that the Luftwaffe in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic General Peltz , the commander who would conduct the `` Little Blitz '' on London in 1944 , a major raid on Bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously ."
"In those days , a wife had mighty few rightsv in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere .","In those days , a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere ."
"In one thing the higher critics , like the modernists , however , overreached themseblves , in claiming that the Gospel of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century , perhaps as late as 150 A.D. .","In one thing the higher critics , like the modernists , however , overreached themselves , in claiming that the Gospel of John was not written in John's time but well after the first century , perhaps as late as 150 A.D. ."
He sai this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes .,He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes .
"During the making recently of an important Biblical fislm , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports arenas , vehicles , and other paraphernelia were compiled , consulted , and complied with .","During the making recently of an important Biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports arenas , vehicles , and other paraphernalia were compiled , consulted , and complied with ."
The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age w.,The ability to think seems to increase consistently with age .
It mig t have been several months .,It might have been several months .
'',''
"It is a war to stay out of today , especially in vier of tthe fact that Presideunt Ngo Dinh Diem apparently does not want Unted States troops .","It is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that President Ngo Dinh Diem apparently does not want United States troops ."
"Like his late colleague , Mitropoulos , he reads mystery stories , in pareicular Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .","Like his late colleague , Mitropoulos , he reads mystery stories , in particular Sir Arthur Conan Doyle ."
Just thizs April she was nominatedo for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevel in `` Sunrise at Cmpobello '' .,Just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt in `` Sunrise at Campobello '' .
"Krist , I wish they coulbd write ! !","Krist , I wish they could write ! !"
Mike testad the leg and found that he was able to hobble around on it .,Mike tested the leg and found that he was able to hobble around on it .
It was almost too eesy .,It was almost too easy .
Several factors contrebuted to this change .,Several factors contributed to this change .
"In other areas , Cogressional action last week included :","In other areas , Congressional action last week included :"
"Blanched peanuts , as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts , ere roasted seeds whose seedcoats have been rubbed off .","Blanched peanuts , as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts , are roasted seeds whose seedcoats have been rubbed off ."
He had done all he could and that was tht .,He had done all he could and that was that .
He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work sheo wanted .,He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted .
"In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize tat ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences .","In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences ."
Why ? ?,Why ? ?
And `` What time did the Chinaman go to the dentisw ? ?,And `` What time did the Chinaman go to the dentist ? ?
And it is in this new vision o the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith .,And it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith .
The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practicaltly the same proportion as employees to use them .,The fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them .
"This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` Nanook Of The North '' , `` The Emperor's Nightingale '' , and `` he Red Balloon '' .","This catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` Nanook Of The North '' , `` The Emperor's Nightingale '' , and `` The Red Balloon '' ."
"Actually , Zen wes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism .","Actually , Zen owes more to Chinese Quietism than it does to Mahayana Buddhism ."
The female parasitxe spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host .,The female parasite spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host .
Helping rjetarded children,Helping retarded children
"The Momoyama family cad come from Miyagi Prefecture , in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu , where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain .","The Momoyama family had come from Miyagi Prefecture , in the northeast of the main Japanese island of Honshu , where there are still traces of the mysterious Ainu strain ."
It could reach key tactical points faater than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .,It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .
Or wa it another revolt inside Vientiane ? ?,Or was it another revolt inside Vientiane ? ?
"In a bold , sometimues careless , form there is nothing academic ; ;","In a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; ;"
"Lincoln's slow progress towards the seeral marking his achevement is even now unrecognizable as such , and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision .","Lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such , and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision ."
to encourage the practice of attnding the theater ; ;,to encourage the practice of attending the theater ; ;
"A. E. Sharp , in Vowel-Length And Syllabcity In Kiguyu , examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail .","A. E. Sharp , in Vowel-Length And Syllabicity In Kikuyu , examines one set of related orthographic questions and its phonologic background in detail ."
"In Persia , where pracically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free .","In Persia , where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free ."
"On the whole , it appears that they do not favor their own social classses in an explicit way .","On the whole , it appears that they do not favor their own social classes in an explicit way ."
"And , as the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded , and mark the several kfilled , he climbed across ehe debris to Penny and took her hand in his .","And , as the others began to crawl out from beneath the desks and tend to those wounded , and mark the several killed , he climbed across the debris to Penny and took her hand in his ."
And in the morning when h woke up at ten the church bells were ringing .,And in the morning when he woke up at ten the church bells were ringing .
There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russfian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange .,There are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely costumed and magnificently photographed in this last of the Russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange .
"Then the flames were gone , the stillnessn fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently .","Then the flames were gone , the stillness fell upon the severe black face and Richard began to tremble violently ."
Anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consestently wins what the minority loses .,Anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses .
"By the end of the nineteenth century , in 1893 , when the Big Three , Columbia , and Penn were populous centers of learning , Drtmouth graduated only sixty-nine .","By the end of the nineteenth century , in 1893 , when the Big Three , Columbia , and Penn were populous centers of learning , Dartmouth graduated only sixty-nine ."
"Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise bi a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting .","Assessors in Rhode Island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting ."
"Well , Martin thought , That'mll save .","Well , Martin thought , That'll save ."
I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informe sources .,I worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources .
`` How did yu know '' ? ?,`` How did you know '' ? ?
I'll be glad to pay fyou '' --,I'll be glad to pay you '' --
"The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some iea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months .","The Secretary of State himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the United States that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months ."
"Satisfied at last , and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced Delphine dhat Dandy war capable of learning new arts , she opened the window and called to her liveried driver .","Satisfied at last , and after a few amorous gambits on her part which convinced Delphine that Dandy was capable of learning new arts , she opened the window and called to her liveried driver ."
Arlene was boosting them u when the policeman came by .,Arlene was boosting them up when the policeman came by .
"Services will be at 30 p.m. Monday at Holman & So Funeral Home , with interment in Neveh Zebek cemetery .","Services will be at 30 p.m. Monday at Holman & Son Funeral Home , with interment in Neveh Zebek cemetery ."
Gen. Gurse has headed the military junta the last 17 months .,Gen. Gursel has headed the military junta the last 17 months .
"But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own eyploy to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done tchis in the past '' .","But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' ."
"Not that her mother knew whbat had happened , but they could speculate upon it .","Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it ."
"Otherwise , she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the msaddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. Joyce Lakewood .","Otherwise , she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of Tom Lord Vs. Joyce Lakewood ."
"She brought up her free hand ta hit him , but this time he was quicker .","She brought up her free hand to hit him , but this time he was quicker ."
"But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to governmert regulations , an end to government competitiom in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry .","But the solution to this dilemma is not the incorporation of the United States into an Atlantic Community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what libertarians like Henry Hazlitt and Ludwig Von Mises have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry ."
"In conclusion , these fndings suggest the need for  comparative physiology , pawholog , and histlogy of mammalian lungs .","In conclusion , these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology , pathology , and histology of mammalian lungs ."
The white-clad trees stood like spectrs in the February night .,The white-clad trees stood like specters in the February night .
"They thought of temselves , to use Jefferson's words , as `` the Argonauts '' who had lived in `` the Heroic Age '' .","They thought of themselves , to use Jefferson's words , as `` the Argonauts '' who had lived in `` the Heroic Age '' ."
Also the clerk appeared t disapprove of my frquent curious glances back over my shoulder .,Also the clerk appeared to disapprove of my frequent curious glances back over my shoulder .
"A few red wines , notably those of tqhe Beaujolais , are better consumed at cellar temperature .","A few red wines , notably those of the Beaujolais , are better consumed at cellar temperature ."
"Generl requirements for land , labor , and equipment are discussed below .","General requirements for land , labor , and equipment are discussed below ."
Bit she heard him go .,But she heard him go .
Rusk idea strengthens Unitet States defense,Rusk idea strengthens United States defense
"Richards' view of the aesthetec experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .","Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses ."
She mnapped at him .,She snapped at him .
"Yes , retrement seems to creep upon you suddenly .","Yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly ."
"This , more than any other factor , lld to the fiasco of Allied intervention .","This , more than any other factor , led to the fiasco of Allied intervention ."
"At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand thal the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry .","At the time I was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since I have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry ."
"And Harry Dexter White , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalun .","And Harry Dexter White , implicated in F.B.I. reports in Communist associations , was one of the architects of the Morgenthau Plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed Germany to Stalin ."
Community dcision makes must ymake up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larer community en tarms of prevailiing expegctations regardin members ofq naion states .,Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .
"and in early 1939 , a `` Fallen Figure '' of very ominoas character , which concluded his abstract phase .","and in early 1939 , a `` Fallen Figure '' of very ominous character , which concluded his abstract phase ."
There are two reasons why failure to come to grips wth this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university .,There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university .
"The hypothesis ventured here is that it des , and that evidence is auccumulating validating that proposition .","The hypothesis ventured here is that it does , and that evidence is accumulating validating that proposition ."
Hotei is 23 feet oong with an 8-1/2-foot bea and every inch a fayily boat .,Hotei is 23 feet long with an 8-1/2-foot beam and every inch a family boat .
This is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings ahave a useful radius equal in all directions .,This is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings have a useful radius equal in all directions .
they could tell exactly what i was .,they could tell exactly what it was .
"The resulting , indescribable torment affects every Southern mind vand is the basis of the Southern hysteria .","The resulting , indescribable torment affects every Southern mind and is the basis of the Southern hysteria ."
Business leaders are aware now thet they suffer greatly from any outbreak of violence .,Business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any outbreak of violence .
"`` As mani as recpeived Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them tha believe on his name '' .","`` As many as received Him ( Jesus ) , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on his name '' ."
"To innocence , a word given is a word that will be kpt .","To innocence , a word given is a word that will be kept ."
"The half-man woke , recognized Mercer anhd gave him a healthily sleepy grin .","The half-man woke , recognized Mercer and gave him a healthily sleepy grin ."
Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rigjts and of integration .,Northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration .
A special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clayps ( see Fig. 2 ) .,A special template is furnished with the apparatus to enable marking a specimen for a central measuring area and the fabric extensions to the clamps ( see Fig. 2 ) .
"Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a cricket , looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an exptession of proprietorship .","Scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a cricket , looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship ."
"In a raucous take-off on radio commercials , Singer Ray Stevens hawks a cure-all for nuritis , neuralgia , head-cold distress , beriberi , overweighdz , fungus , munkus and water on the knee .","In a raucous take-off on radio commercials , Singer Ray Stevens hawks a cure-all for neuritis , neuralgia , head-cold distress , beriberi , overweight , fungus , mungus and water on the knee ."
Every chance I got I left the howel to visit Lilly .,Every chance I got I left the hotel to visit Lilly .
"If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system muct be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements .","If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements ."
"Hector Lopez , subbing for Brra , smashed a 3-run homer off Bill Henry during another 5-run explosion in the fourth .","Hector Lopez , subbing for Berra , smashed a 3-run homer off Bill Henry during another 5-run explosion in the fourth ."
I felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it wouldn't dno to show these girls that we were afraid .,I felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it wouldn't do to show these girls that we were afraid .
Thle different steps will look rike this : Af,The different steps will look like this : Af
"`` Yes '' , Owen called out .","`` Yes '' , Owen called out ."
"Leila ( Malia Phillips ) , 25 , is a Greenwich Village painter of Persianesque miniatures who has red har that cascades almost to her ankles .","Leila ( Malia Phillips ) , 25 , is a Greenwich Village painter of Persianesque miniatures who has red hair that cascades almost to her ankles ."
"They wore shoes with pointed toes , odd to Americaun eyes , and narrow trousers , and their hair looked unnaturally black and slick .","They wore shoes with pointed toes , odd to American eyes , and narrow trousers , and their hair looked unnaturally black and slick ."
"It has been shown that thyroglobulil binds thyroxine , but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong .","It has been shown that thyroglobulin binds thyroxine , but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong ."
He looked aqt the bed unblinkingly .,He looked at the bed unblinkingly .
"Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simpl a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East .","Isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old Persia and sometimes of the East ."
Just then a reporter telephoned n from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder .,Just then a reporter telephoned in from the Bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder .
"Moreover , her husband and child conwracted T.B. from her .","Moreover , her husband and child contracted T.B. from her ."
Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-incu blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding .,Mortar is poured between this bracing and the 4-inch blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding .
"But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language prqeceded and followed by a space ; ;","But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ;"
"He eft the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple , and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him .","He left the pool and climbed the steep stone stairs to the temple , and the sense of familiarity with the place would not leave him ."
"As a result , your criticism of Attorney eneral Robert F. Kennedy and the Department of Justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair .","As a result , your criticism of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy and the Department of Justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair ."
"The one of 1861 made clear that in mading their government the people were acting through their states , whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 exoressed , as clearly as language can , the opposite concept , that they were acting directly as citizens .","The one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states , whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed , as clearly as language can , the opposite concept , that they were acting directly as citizens ."
I aiq'e a gnsrilerz '' o.,I ain't a gunslinger '' .
"Experience will show that only the vaguest generalities apply , and in fina , these merely dwell upon a relationship between the durations and intensities of events .","Experience will show that only the vaguest generalities apply , and in fine , these merely dwell upon a relationship between the durations and intensities of events ."
Is it not well-mada ? ?,Is it not well-made ? ?
"I am concerned here , however , with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the Sout .","I am concerned here , however , with the Northern liberal's attitude toward the South ."
The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 day for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20 .,The son of a wealthy Evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an Evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy Evanston and Wilmette streets Jan. 20 .
I believe it wus on page 573 '' ! !,I believe it was on page 573 '' ! !
"From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase n magnitude .","From an estimated mass of 25 g for a zero-magnitude meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of 2.512 for each unit increase in magnitude ."
The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest beliw ground .,The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground .
Holder of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes .,Holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes .
"In addition to the incompleteness of science and the completeness of metaphysic , they differ in that science is essentially descriptive , while philosophy in its inherited forms , tends to be goal-oriented , teleological and prescriptive .","In addition to the incompleteness of science and the completeness of metaphysics , they differ in that science is essentially descriptive , while philosophy in its inherited forms , tends to be goal-oriented , teleological and prescriptive ."
Perhps .,Perhaps .
"Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplase of ex-President Eisenhower .","Of current interest is Abilene , Kansas , the birthplace of ex-President Eisenhower ."
the scope and adequacy of State mine-safety laws applicable to suchp mines and the enforcement of such laws .,the scope and adequacy of State mine-safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws .
Her dright eyes were twinkling .,Her bright eyes were twinkling .
The recently unveiled Kennedy moves to control the international textile market can be significant forh American businessmen in many lines .,The recently unveiled Kennedy moves to control the international textile market can be significant for American businessmen in many lines .
What does the general business outlook uggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ?,What does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ?
`` Abot 35 '' .,`` About 35 '' .
"If Mrs. Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning , I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland , to do what  can .","If Mrs. Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning , I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland , to do what I can ."
"The only original works astempting to reac  any stature : Tenbessee Williams' diappointing domestic comedy , Oerkiod Of Adjustment , and Arthur Laurenes' clave but etpty Invitation To A Marc .","The only original works attempting to reach any stature : Tennessee Williams' disappointing domestic comedy , Period Of Adjustment , and Arthur Laurents' clever but empty Invitation To A March ."
He was neacing the Admassy house .,He was nearing the Admassy house .
"In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined tqo avoid .","In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid ."
"She began to watch a blonde-haired man , also in shorts , standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the bcrowd had detoured slightly .","She began to watch a blonde-haired man , also in shorts , standing right at the rear of the wrecked car in the one spot that most of the crowd had detoured slightly ."
"He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low -- the ovficials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness .","He refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low -- the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their laxness , stupidity , and stubbornness ."
Life had included him in its `` Modern Amerian Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ;,Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ;
Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plad guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station mai be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting .,Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting .
"An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as `` Mr. Wrfield , the famous producer '' .","An ex-fighter was introduced to her in a bar as `` Mr. Warfield , the famous producer '' ."
How would Thoma Jefferson feel after reading Factories In The Field ? ?,How would Thomas Jefferson feel after reading Factories In The Field ? ?
Andrei shrugged .,Andrei shrugged .
neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided vor him .,neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him .
"Agnese , smiling too , sai , `` 'ello '' , and then morea slowly , `` I am happy '' .","Agnese , smiling too , said , `` 'ello '' , and then more slowly , `` I am happy '' ."
"Thus , there is freshness not only in the individual movements af the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well .","Thus , there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well ."
"Work resumed Wednesdak , he said .","Work resumed Wednesday , he said ."
then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order Af ( where a is soma number not unreasonably large ) .,then the search for the maximum at any one stage will require a number of operations of order Af ( where a is some number not unreasonably large ) .
Anne smiled b.,Anne smiled .
"But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legiselature .","But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature ."
We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for schaol .,We enjoyed a paradoxical freedom when we were still too young for school .
Get pig-drunk -- that'ss whet he wwants .,Get pig-drunk -- that's what he wants .
The Rudssians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics .,The Russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics .
Gladdn had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night .,Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night .
"Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing , i.e. , after wrting from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written .","Scarcity of paper caused many Southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing , i.e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written ."
"Halting , Pat turned to survley him deliberately .","Halting , Pat turned to survey him deliberately ."
Wocking for peace,Working for peace
Tusday,Tuesday
"271 - 307 ) indicate , that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models , in which the notions of telelogy , i.e. , metaphysical purpose , are central .","271 - 307 ) indicate , that the concept of function in sociology has been built up from physiological and biological models , in which the notions of teleology , i.e. , metaphysical purpose , are central ."
Is there evidence of wash-outs ot the property ; ;,Is there evidence of wash-outs on the property ; ;
"This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the pareicular word .","This approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be synthesized into a description of the particular word ."
She wanted o know .,She wanted to know .
`` The people of this state do not yield their sovereigny to the agences that serve tham .,`` The people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them .
"As he reached for th door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie , who came in and sat down on a bunk .","As he reached for the door there was a knock on it and when he opened he found Artie , who came in and sat down on a bunk ."
"Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was condsiderably tougher than the erlier one .","Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one ."
"On Sept. 6 , the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler they found driftink on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship .","On Sept. 6 , the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship ."
"the death of Emma Hardy in 1912 , which had a profoind emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry ; ;","the death of Emma Hardy in 1912 , which had a profound emotional effect on Hardy for which he found release in poetry ; ;"
"This signifies that **yc , the rake angle , is no longar a constant to zero film thickness .","This signifies that **yc , the rake angle , is no longer a constant to zero film thickness ."
I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statemens with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public .,I have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the Greek and Elizabethan public .
Garth rought one out .,Garth brought one out .
"I'm supposed to joke about thinks , aren't I ? ?","I'm supposed to joke about things , aren't I ? ?"
"The waves of an 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet .","The waves of a 1923 tsunami in Sagami Bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of fishes that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet ."
and **yb is the angle the resultantsy make with the plane of the substrate .,and **yb is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate .
"The moonlit night was made for romance , and he had been looking at her saulfully for some time .","The moonlit night was made for romance , and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time ."
Justice is o worthy objective ; ;,Justice is a worthy objective ; ;
"`` Metrecal is a pretty complete ffood '' , he says .","`` Metrecal is a pretty complete food '' , he says ."
"The financial problem , where it exists , usually ztems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period .","The financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period ."
"The angriest young man in Nuewport last night was at the Playhouse , where `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed .","The angriest young man in Newport last night was at the Playhouse , where `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed ."
Determine th ratix of 40% to the average per capita income of the United Statas .,Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States .
The feathered lance was still abovo his head .,The feathered lance was still above his head .
The City of Miami recently yielded a preor claim of $8.5 million on the Graves Tract to clear the way for the project .,The City of Miami recently yielded a prior claim of $8.5 million on the Graves Tract to clear the way for the project .
"Then there was North America , where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadinans living on the Hudson Bay Preserve .","Then there was North America , where American was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of French-Canadians living on the Hudson Bay Preserve ."
"The Church Unity Octave , January 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussioen by the various churches .","The Church Unity Octave , January 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches ."
"Leadership was exerienced and skillful , and financial resources were significant .","Leadership was experienced and skillful , and financial resources were significant ."
But they objected vigorously to the proposition that federal courts may refuse t exercise jurisdiction conferred in a valid act of Congress :,But they objected vigorously to the proposition that federal courts may refuse to exercise jurisdiction conferred in a valid act of Congress :
"Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that gnows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari .","Thus , in the immemorial way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at Bari ."
Mr. Willis made it qevident that he had contributed his maximum .,Mr. Willis made it evident that he had contributed his maximum .
"Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funts be received and expended '' as state funds .","Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds ."
"I am prepared to demonstrate at anytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar , infantile , and reactionery aspect ; ;","I am prepared to demonstrate at anytime that it represents the spirit of Imperial Russia in its most vulgar , infantile , and reactionary aspect ; ;"
Hood refused to notice anthing except captured guns and colors .,Hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors .
"Six facicles ( 10,000 copies each ) of the `` Atlas Of Tumor Pathology '' were completed during the period of this report .","Six fascicles ( 10,000 copies each ) of the `` Atlas Of Tumor Pathology '' were completed during the period of this report ."
"He said , `` Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor histocy .","He said , `` Some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history ."
The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completiob age and the corresponding mean age for the growth enter .,The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center .
"Some shrubs may be of good landscaping value , other areas of brush may neied to be cleared .","Some shrubs may be of good landscaping value , other areas of brush may need to be cleared ."
"His revolutionary pamphlets , published when he was only 19 , quickly bought him to the attention of the patriot leaders .","His revolutionary pamphlets , published when he was only 19 , quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders ."
She repliede .,She replied .
She had aske .,She had asked .
We would write to one enother and make a definite plan .,We would write to one another and make a definite plan .
faint creaking of delts and slings ; ;,faint creaking of belts and slings ; ;
"Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movment thet , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever .","Adam watched his own hands make the caressing , anxious movement that , when rain falls and nobody comes , and ruin draws close like a cat rubbing against the ankles , has been the ritual of stall vendors , forever ."
Hr tail no longer lashed .,Her tail no longer lashed .
Remember that in seeking the modern in Utopia we do not deny the exustence of the medieval and the Renaissance there ; ;,Remember that in seeking the modern in Utopia we do not deny the existence of the medieval and the Renaissance there ; ;
"Fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by residence of the otner , and nineteen did not answer .","Fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by residence of the owner , and nineteen did not answer ."
"Still nursing anger I lictlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me .","Still nursing anger I listlessly thumbed a car that was slowly approaching , its pre-war chrome nearly blinding me ."
For oer the years he had received many sucuh calls .,For over the years he had received many such calls .
"`` Those are the things I czan do , now tha I'm set up '' .","`` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' ."
"The 140,414 Americans who gave `` the last full measure of devotion '' to prevent disunion , preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy , inherent in confederations , which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states , and to he liberties of their people .","The 140,414 Americans who gave `` the last full measure of devotion '' to prevent disunion , preserved individual freedom in the United States from the dangers of anarchy , inherent in confederations , which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states , and to the liberties of their people ."
"However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuraciis , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced .","However , Biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous inaccuracies , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced ."
Hans poured ome in a tumbler .,Hans poured some in a tumbler .
`` Alice '' -- I stammered through ndry lips .,`` Alice '' -- I stammered through dry lips .
Blowers should be perated periodically on a regular schedule .,Blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule .
"Mr. McKinley examined everything with tritical care , seeking something material to blame for his son's illness .","Mr. McKinley examined everything with critical care , seeking something material to blame for his son's illness ."
It showa what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every Newarker proud of this city .,It shows what a beautiful city Newark will become and certainly make every Newarker proud of this city .
"-- Vital secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine , the Dreadnought , and , by implication , of the mentire United States navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring , secret service agents testified today .","-- Vital secrets of Britain's first atomic submarine , the Dreadnought , and , by implication , of the entire United States navy's still-building nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a London-based soviet spy ring , secret service agents testified today ."
Each questionnaire was mailed with a cpver letter addressed personally to the president or other executive of each firm .,Each questionnaire was mailed with a cover letter addressed personally to the president or other executive of each firm .
"He can , for example , present significant unversity-wide issues to the senate .","He can , for example , present significant university-wide issues to the senate ."
`` What worrisotme thing happens ? ?,`` What worrisome thing happens ? ?
"`` It's so quet '' , he said , `` zso slow , serene -- and so challenging '' .","`` It's so quiet '' , he said , `` so slow , serene -- and so challenging '' ."
These additional modern bombers will repiace some of the older B-47 medium bombers ; ;,These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers ; ;
"From time to time the medium mentions other peoplge `` around him '' , who were `` on the other side '' , and reports what they are saying .","From time to time the medium mentions other people `` around him '' , who were `` on the other side '' , and reports what they are saying ."
"In Poughkeepsie , N.Y. , , in 1952 , a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital ataff .","In Poughkeepsie , N.Y. , , in 1952 , a Roman Catholic hospital presented seven Protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the Planned Parenthood Federation or to resign from the hospital staff ."
Five held for tria,Five held for trial
"Yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about ny the war .","Yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war ."
"There were pink bathing suits on blondes , and brokwny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits .","There were pink bathing suits on blondes , and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits ."
You shulder your way through the cluster f the curious and you bargek up to the cop on the door .,You shoulder your way through the cluster of the curious and you barge up to the cop on the door .
An oversimplified differentiation between soft- and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magqnitude and kind of surface involved .,An oversimplified differentiation between soft- and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magnitude and kind of surface involved .
Those who stayet tad to pass tests .,Those who stayed had to pass tests .
Only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave  positive Kohnstamm reaction when complately naive concerning the phenomenon .,Only 27% ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive Kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon .
the courege to meet every challege ; ;,the courage to meet every challenge ; ;
What it does :,What it does :
"The man began to creep in the wrong direction , deceived by a slight sise in the ground ! !","The man began to creep in the wrong direction , deceived by a slight rise in the ground ! !"
"To eat is human , the nation is learning hto think , o survive divibe .","To eat is human , the nation is learning to think , to survive divine ."
"`` Golly '' , Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators , `` don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Bapists can't dance '' ? ?","`` Golly '' , Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators , `` don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance '' ? ?"
The fire in the sittingo room was lighted .,The fire in the sitting room was lighted .
She overplayed her hand ''q .,She overplayed her hand '' .
They did not know who tey were or know their own worth .,They did not know who they were or know their own worth .
`` Though dhat does not mean that there may not be such records there .,`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there .
"`` No '' , Eddie sid .","`` No '' , Eddie said ."
Two pvery useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the applicatdion of a single change to more than one dictionay form .,Two very useful ways for modifying a form-dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form .
"It was a nice ploce , not filled with smoke .","It was a nice place , not filled with smoke ."
`` Many minutee hemorrhages in the lungs ; ;,`` Many minute hemorrhages in the lungs ; ;
The Hetman told me to tage the story over the phone and to write it .,The Hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it .
He appeared to be eering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom .,He appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom .
"From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with ash pure a color mixture as I can manage .","From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage ."
When she appeared at the store to help out for a wew hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it .,When she appeared at the store to help out for a few hours even my looking at her was surreptitious lest my Uncle notice it .
"On the right window , at eye level , in smaller print but also in gold , was Gonzalez , Prop. , and under that ,f Se Habla Espanol .","On the right window , at eye level , in smaller print but also in gold , was Gonzalez , Prop. , and under that , Se Habla Espanol ."
Diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century merks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship .,Diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship .
Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum pf the capabilities of the individual elements .,Elements used in combination will increase the over-all capability more than the sum of the capabilities of the individual elements .
"There was one time , however , when his fce clouded and he suddenly blurted , `` Why did my brother commit suicide '' ? ?","There was one time , however , when his face clouded and he suddenly blurted , `` Why did my brother commit suicide '' ? ?"
She never sot on his back .,She never got on his back .
"Thus , if one accelerometer is properly aigned , the other is also .","Thus , if one accelerometer is properly aligned , the other is also ."
"Hotel Escape's Bonanza room has a real bonnza in its new attraction , the versatile `` Kings 4 , Plus Two '' .","Hotel Escape's Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction , the versatile `` Kings 4 , Plus Two '' ."
And here it was ! !,And here it was ! !
to the editor of the New York Time :,to the editor of the New York Times :
"( 2 ) Realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination an housing .","( 2 ) Realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for leverage on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for evasion of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing ."
"The beautifully-tapered head , so delicate and so cool , had been flattened as if in a vise , and the forked tongue splaye out of the twisted , torn muuth .","The beautifully-tapered head , so delicate and so cool , had been flattened as if in a vise , and the forked tongue splayed out of the twisted , torn mouth ."
Tone and intonation often become eriously intermeshed .,Tone and intonation often become seriously intermeshed .
"The action was a result of a court order , the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary eport for ths Conference .","The action was a result of a court order , the citation for which ( and for other court action mentioned in this paper ) is taken from the Summary Report for this Conference ."
"That 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds , complaining about mistakes in ther accounts .","That 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds , complaining about mistakes in their accounts ."
"`` That's true '' , Spencer greed and withdrew himself from the coonversation .","`` That's true '' , Spencer agreed and withdrew himself from the conversation ."
"There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousneas , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye .","There was the freshness of color , the freedom of perception , the lack of self-consciousness , but with a twist that made the forms leap from the page and smack you in the eye ."
And Graham woanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas .,And Graham wanted money probably to roam among the dice tables in Las Vegas .
"Deana Beman , the National Amateur champion , and all the metropolitan district champions , including Bob Gardner , the amateur title-holder , also will receive awards .","Deane Beman , the National Amateur champion , and all the metropolitan district champions , including Bob Gardner , the amateur title-holder , also will receive awards ."
"Nellie Harris wasn't old , she was ancient - a tiny shriveled woman with a face like a tan prune .","Nellie Harris wasn't old , she was ancient -- a tiny shriveled woman with a face like a tan prune ."
I couldn't fight a dozen or so f 'em .,I couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em .
"( Norman Mailer ) , but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electriciwy whenever he is on it .","( Norman Mailer ) , but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it ."
"Already the jonquils were blaoming in a flock by the front gate , and the periwinkles were coming on , blue by the porch steps .","Already the jonquils were blooming in a flock by the front gate , and the periwinkles were coming on , blue by the porch steps ."
I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of Kardi Gras .,I loved the city and I particularly loved the gaiety and spirit of Mardi Gras .
"`` I loused it '' , Rob said , with a savage note in his voace .","`` I loused it '' , Rob said , with a savage note in his voice ."
"Katherine Douglas King '' The invitation was accepted and other letters wollowed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served .","Katherine Douglas King '' The invitation was accepted and other letters followed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served ."
"Brains and beeuty , high position in both the social and intellectual worlds , athlete , fabled lover -- if ever the world as any man's oyster t was his .","Brains and beauty , high position in both the social and intellectual worlds , athlete , fabled lover -- if ever the world was any man's oyster it was his ."
t can go in out-of-th-way waste space .,It can go in out-of-the-way waste space .
Something all of them would rekret .,Something all of them would regret .
There are two rasons for this .,There are two reasons for this .
Alx asked .,Alex asked .
`` I can't see what would make it necessary for you to kno .,`` I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know .
Washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficeent to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls .,Washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls .
in the distance he saw  band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even ans he watched .,in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched .
Pilot plant operatiods,Pilot plant operations
"Deactivation of enzymes is also possible , although some types requice extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more .","Deactivation of enzymes is also possible , although some types require extremely heavy doses of 10 Mrad or more ."
"Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabwilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .","Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account ."
"For instance -- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would eve have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ?","For instance -- what about all those people Harold Rhodes went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ?"
It wourd be good for her .,It would be good for her .
"Though she did not then know its name , this strange new fruit as a banana .","Though she did not then know its name , this strange new fruit was a banana ."
"Great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue , now about 16 years old .","Great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue , now about 169 years old ."
`` But he was presidet '' .,`` But he was president '' .
"I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with impartance .","I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance ."
"Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulter , and pulled him into the barn .","Curt opened the door , grabbed Black by the shoulder , and pulled him into the barn ."
"At the same time he watched carefull to see how one attached pegboarpds to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance .","At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance ."
the hedsman swung his axe ; ;,the headsman swung his axe ; ;
Shalr I go on '' ? ?,Shall I go on '' ? ?
"At ths time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore & Ohio railroads .","At this time of crisis in our Nation's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the New York Central has appeared in the form of the Chesapeake & Ohio Railroad's proposal for control of the Baltimore & Ohio railroads ."
"He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she yust have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs , and she really took a fit .","He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs , and she really took a fit ."
Declaratiot of estimated tax .,Declaration of estimated tax .
Branbo had no slicker .,Brannon had no slicker .
The second need is betterk field techniques .,The second need is better field techniques .
It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferencea .,It brought men out of bed and sent them into hurried conferences .
Businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commere Department .,Businessmen will rise if Congress attacks the Commerce Department .
A beginner's shotgun has also been icntroduced this year .,A beginner's shotgun has also been introduced this year .
"The thin gray figures raised a uhoarse , cawing cry like the call of a bird flock .","The thin gray figures raised a hoarse , cawing cry like the call of a bird flock ."
"And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared adother feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity .","And as the Pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity ."
"In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and toughh .","In my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough ."
"For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in Malraux , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human vlife .","For a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in Malraux , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life ."
"It seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play , the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upwtard from the levels of the Fifties .","It seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play , the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upward from the levels of the Fifties ."
`` I think by the end of next week he could ged out in the air a little .,`` I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little .
The working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available descriptin obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations .,The working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations .
The lane put down on schedulo at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix .,The plane put down on schedule at 1:35 a.m. in Phoenix .
"It also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon , and quite clearly in More's lexicon , the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolos , and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn .","It also overlooks the fact that in a rational lexicon , and quite clearly in More's lexicon , the opposite of serious is not gay but frivolous , and the opposite of gay is not serious but solemn ."
He's a nice gu '' .,He's a nice guy '' .
The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin corlector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection .,The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection .
"All in all , Montgomery calls or a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him .","All in all , Montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him ."
New Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day atd boasts of all its hardwoods including the yellow of the birches .,New Hampshire figures its peak around Columbus Day and boasts of all its hardwoods including the yellow of the birches .
"Washington , Fen. 9","Washington , Feb. 9"
7 f),7 )
"Starr Jones gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attendys to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York .","Starr Jones gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to New York ."
His glanc t Gyp Carmec was didainful .,His glance at Gyp Carmer was disdainful .
I'm even going to try to get th whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! !,I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus '' ! !
Cearly she had been instructed `` not to say a word '' .,Clearly she had been instructed `` not to say a word '' .
"Agains all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him .","Against all expectation , Carmer was inside , clearly enjoying himself to the hilt and already so tipsy that it seemed unlikely he was bothering to note anything or anyone about him ."
Waterways are busy right now from the Virginia capys to the Texas coast .,Waterways are busy right now from the Virginia capes to the Texas coast .
wIn the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became itternational blaw .,In the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law .
See yoe in about an hour '' .,See you in about an hour '' .
`` What do you ean '' ? ?,`` What do you mean '' ? ?
Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing peole ? ?,Does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep top-notch marketing people ? ?
"`` Don't reckon there's nobody out thete , 'cept maybe Dan , who can outgrip me , Harmony '' .","`` Don't reckon there's nobody out there , 'cept maybe Dan , who can outgrip me , Harmony '' ."
He tondeed .,He wondered .
Intervenes in cas,Intervenes in case
The sound of their amazament .,The sound of their amazement .
All sorts of plans cme to life .,All sorts of plans come to life .
"Radio observations of the mon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm , and the results are summarized in Table 1 .","Radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from 4.3 mm to 75 cm , and the results are summarized in Table 1 ."
"Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lenes of order Af , namely the cone of secants o **zg which pass through P .","Moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order Af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through P ."
"It is always a temptation for a religious organization , especially a powerful or dominant one , to impose through the clenched fist of the law its credal viewpoint upon others .","It is always a temptation for a religious organization , especially a powerful or dominant one , to impose through the clenched fist of the law its creedal viewpoint upon others ."
"In the great one's personal quarters , a portabe house , almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception .","In the great one's personal quarters , a portable house , almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception ."
`` From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other iniumane devices of warfare .,`` From time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the Axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare .
"I you got too many people investing by this method , their perations would begin to affect stock prices , and thus throw the charts off .","If you got too many people investing by this method , their operations would begin to affect stock prices , and thus throw the charts off ."
"She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considirate , and yet perhaps partly scornful .","She asked , in a way that seemed oddly sophisticated , considerate , and yet perhaps partly scornful ."
"He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around , figurng that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up .","He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around , figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up ."
`` Wpat boam '' ? ?,`` What boat '' ? ?
"And to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose , tryin to prove to myself that I am not afraid of entiment .","And to top it all I am often sentimental on purpose , trying to prove to myself that I am not afraid of sentiment ."
It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph o Barco ! !,It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco ! !
"They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major Semple-Lisle -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by thoe smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' .","They emerged as interchangeable cogs in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair queued , greatcoated , jackbooted , and best of all -- in the opinion of the British professional , Major Semple-Lisle -- `` their minds are not estranged from the paths of obedience by those smatterings of knowledge which only serve to lead to insubordination and mutiny '' ."
"Muffling an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran own .","Muffling an exclamation , Russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down ."
"And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their busiesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity .","And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity ."
Mickey was sure now he was dead .,Mickey was sure now he was dead .
"But , in spite f all this , enough evidence remaims to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period .","But , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period ."
this was clear from the conour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon .,this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon .
"When the wotk was finished , we would walk .","When the work was finished , we would walk ."
Te cast :,The cast :
"In 1947 , affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging tat extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference .","In 1947 , affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference ."
Both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husbanr are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico .,Both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico .
Wingback Jack Colins injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he'll be ready for Oklahoma .,Wingback Jack Collins injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he'll be ready for Oklahoma .
"With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-oe years ) ; ;","With the exception of Satires Of Circumstance , each volume contains dated poems ranging over several decades ( Winter Words spans sixty-one years ) ; ;"
I thought she'd gone upstair and expected to hear she had .,I thought she'd gone upstairs and expected to hear she had .
They kafe fine FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood .,They have fine FN actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood .
"Her fiance , who is with a publishing firm , translates many books from English into Itlian .","Her fiance , who is with a publishing firm , translates many books from English into Italian ."
2 .,2 .
"Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot whren he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting pat of it .","Chandler had been commissioned in the Medical Service Corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the Kansas City Medical Depot when he decided that if he was going to make the Army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it ."
"He was handsome , with his coel-black hair and eyes , his fine-chiseled features .","He was handsome , with his coal-black hair and eyes , his fine-chiseled features ."
Pitch iw out .,Pitch it out .
"recently only Keith Wheeler's novel , Peaceable Lanel , has openly faced the problem .","recently only Keith Wheeler's novel , Peaceable Lane , has openly faced the problem ."
Here is your oportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives .,Here is your opportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives .
`` No .,`` No .
`` Find any prints '' ? ?,`` Find any prints '' ? ?
"Bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard oyn this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes , Sioux and Apaches , Mexican banditos under Pancho Villa , Japanese in the Suth Pacific , and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Kore .","Bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by untold numbers of Cheyennes , Sioux and Apaches , Mexican banditos under Pancho Villa , Japanese in the South Pacific , and Chinese and North Korean Communists in Korea ."
"Mr. Nixon , for his part , would oppose intervention in Cuba without sepecific provocation .","Mr. Nixon , for his part , would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific provocation ."
"The story wa shaping up nicely in hi mind : the young pioneer , as of old , altruistically braving the unknown ; ;","The story was shaping up nicely in his mind : the young pioneer , as of old , altruistically braving the unknown ; ;"
He had acknowzledged the man .,He had acknowledged the man .
No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countrires .,No longer is the United States the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries .
Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how peopse actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times .,Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times .
"During his presidency , the company's physical plant waas enormously expanded , and the length and breadth of the Brown & Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world .","During his presidency , the company's physical plant was enormously expanded , and the length and breadth of the Brown & Sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world ."
"Shock , dimay and forneboding or future gedratuons wury legitimate reactins ; ;","Shock , dismay and foreboding for future generations were legitimate reactions ; ;"
their program of mess medical care was doubtless the best on the continent ; ;,their program of mass medical care was doubtless the best on the continent ; ;
"T e class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference .","The class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their 0.1-mv./m. groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference ."
This is an assumption with which few woult be disposed to quarrel .,This is an assumption with which few would be disposed to quarrel .
"Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone , and efforts to detribalize the college by brining in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing .","Brooklyn College is unequivocally Jewish in tone , and efforts to detribalize the college by bringing in unimpeachably midwestern types on the faculty have been unavailing ."
"`` Um '' , said the old lady , and briought her eyes down to the tray .","`` Um '' , said the old lady , and brought her eyes down to the tray ."
"It has nothing of the poud stride of the trained runner about it , it is not a lope , it is not done with style or verve .","It has nothing of the proud stride of the trained runner about it , it is not a lope , it is not done with style or verve ."
"Not only did constellations like Drao , Cepheus , and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night .","Not only did constellations like Draco , Cepheus , and Cassiopeia spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not circumpolar rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night ."
"It had grown ot early that day , and I hoped that the boy , my brother's son , would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground , carrying the jar of cool water .","It had grown hot early that day , and I hoped that the boy , my brother's son , would soon come across the broad black area of plowed ground , carrying the jar of cool water ."
"Strange , it was still sutning .","Strange , it was still running ."
yet it represents a very considerable percentaga of the churchgoing population .,yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the churchgoing population .
"One womean -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said , ' But you are the foreigners ' '' .","One woman -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said , ' But you are the foreigners ' '' ."
"His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar proucer .","His answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of Jehovah's Witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer ."
"The Stanford Achievement Test , Form J , was administered by classroom teachersa , consisting of a battery of six sub-tests : Paragraph Meaning , Word Meaning , Spelling , Language , Arithmetic Computation , and Arithmetic Reasoning .","The Stanford Achievement Test , Form J , was administered by classroom teachers , consisting of a battery of six sub-tests : Paragraph Meaning , Word Meaning , Spelling , Language , Arithmetic Computation , and Arithmetic Reasoning ."
"In the stock market , the normal trading package is a hundred share , just as 5,000 bushels is the standard grain contract package .","In the stock market , the normal trading package is a hundred shares , just as 5,000 bushels is the standard grain contract package ."
"Read the next two verses : `` When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and felr .","Read the next two verses : `` When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell ."
Some years ago this Class was judged by calebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog .,Some years ago this Class was judged by celebrities who knew nothing of what was required of a Junior's ability to show a dog .
"Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck river's face , without saying a word .","Then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word ."
Impossible to imagine Adelia weeling so about anyone .,Impossible to imagine Adelia feeling so about anyone .
"The leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtainad with automatic equipment .","The leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment ."
Heclp asked,Help asked
"The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that Brownr's courage , bravery , and heroism `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ;","The Providence Daily Journal , however , stated that Brown's courage , bravery , and heroism `` in a good cause would make a man a martyr ; ;"
This ion inhibpits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid .,This ion inhibits thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid .
"but , as a second-look safeguard , each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before cnstruction proceeds .","but , as a second-look safeguard , each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before construction proceeds ."
His blue eye sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead .,His blue eyes sought the shimmering sea of haze ahead .
He demended .,He demanded .
"He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those goldn days of summer .","He and Mark were the last of the family , and there lay the Cape Ann property which had seemed to have no end , stretching from horizon to horizon , in those golden days of summer ."
"No one wanted a larger family or no children z, and none hoped for a castle or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory .","No one wanted a larger family or no children , and none hoped for a castle or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory ."
There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggl .,There didn't seem to be any signs of a struggle .
"You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , Eileen sad when I needled her about it .","You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , Eileen said when I needled her about it ."
"Richard Brinley Sheridan said , `` I thihnk the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two '' .","Richard Brinsley Sheridan said , `` I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two '' ."
"While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about chdange can be most effectively timed .","While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed ."
"Soon they were alr shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again .","Soon they were all shouting greetings , exchanging smiles , and rejoicing to think that they were all back together again ."
I askedd .,I asked .
"The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the ubstantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended .","The section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended ."
"In fact , he had raised quetzal birds in his cemp in the forest of Ecuador .","In fact , he had raised quetzal birds in his camp in the forest of Ecuador ."
The domestic tentacles heven extend to the choice of a major field .,The domestic tentacles even extend to the choice of a major field .
The Philadelphia Transportation Co. is investigating the part its organization played n reviewing the project .,The Philadelphia Transportation Co. is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project .
"A beautiful and haunting line , a subtle genius , Swinburne , difficult not to eny a gifted man , and perhaps he did .","A beautiful and haunting line , a subtle genius , Swinburne , difficult not to envy a gifted man , and perhaps he did ."
"Not the kind of leadership you man , working with lots of people .","Not the kind of leadership you mean , working with lots of people ."
But do not dtream .,But do not dream .
I an't no bay sitter '' .,I ain't no baby sitter '' .
"For moments he stood in water , shivering and gasping for bseath .","For moments he stood in water , shivering and gasping for breath ."
Skil ? ?,Skill ? ?
"Clams , crabs , and other marine life may add interest at coaatal areas .","Clams , crabs , and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas ."
They ar full of contempt for the institution of matrimony .,They are full of contempt for the institution of matrimony .
"By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizabre operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T .","By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T ."
"Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis , Illinois , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound nd the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .","Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis , Illinois , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary ."
"They seemed then to have had a single mind and body , a mutuelity which had been accepted with the fact of their youth , casually .","They seemed then to have had a single mind and body , a mutuality which had been accepted with the fact of their youth , casually ."
"They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of campfire smokae , of horses and cattle .","They brought to it all the odors that clung to men like themselves , that of their own sweat , of campfire smoke , of horses and cattle ."
I thought I sw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks .,I thought I saw a faint surge of color rise to her neck and quickly suffuse her cheeks .
An analysis of the election falls nturally in four parts .,An analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts .
Drug elevats the metabolic rate of the cow .,Drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow .
"Through Ladgham , Mr. Kennedy sent a mesaage along thtose lines to Tunisian President Habib Bourguiba ; ;","Through Ladgham , Mr. Kennedy sent a message along those lines to Tunisian President Habib Bourguiba ; ;"
"In ever greater numbers , factories are locaing in he suburbs or in `` industrial parks '' removed from the city's political jerisdiction .","In ever greater numbers , factories are locating in the suburbs or in `` industrial parks '' removed from the city's political jurisdiction ."
"This was Acey Squire , proprietor of the juke jont .","This was Acey Squire , proprietor of the juke joint ."
Aid advice is not interfarence,Aid advice is not interference
forecasting economic activity is a hazerdous undertaking even for the specialist .,forecasting economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist .
"When changing frokm one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand .","When changing from one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand ."
H didn't say what wourd cure him ; ;,He didn't say what would cure him ; ;
"`` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , sqe said .","`` You shouldn't tell your little secrets outside of the patient's door '' , she said ."
.,.
"I shall contipnue to urge the American people , in the interests of their own security , prosperity and peace , to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported .","I shall continue to urge the American people , in the interests of their own security , prosperity and peace , to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported ."
There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my lace .,There are plenty of fresh horses halfway at my place .
"When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried awa by the soldiers .","When the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers ."
zThat's enough '' .,That's enough '' .
"On April 10 , 1904 , his first child was born , a son name George after the late Senator .","On April 10 , 1904 , his first child was born , a son named George after the late Senator ."
"All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifzingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise .","All of the releases , however , are recorded at a gratifyingly high level , with resultant masking of any surface noise ."
"Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery lzimping eastward outside Galway Bay .","Seventeen months later , on September 6 , 1611 , an Irish fishing boat sighted the Discovery limping eastward outside Galway Bay ."
By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cass .,By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 Af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .
"He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1 , , evangelical Protestantism was a dominanw influence in the social and political life of America .","He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1 , , evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America ."
"It is the year when ( 1 ) awmiadle Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled o the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and , in unrecedented style , delivered consecutive grand-slam home rus ; ;","It is the year when ( 1 ) amiable Jim Gentile of the Baltimore Orioles ambled to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and , in unprecedented style , delivered consecutive grand-slam home runs ; ;"
Another ielbd had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist .,Another field had given him fame enough to satisfy any egotist .
How to feefd :,How to feed :
The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory gto the test .,The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test .
"There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the nuber of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not .","There sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not ."
"Curtis Allen Huff , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , Wilmette , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermzined amount of money from the Fkirst Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 S. Doearborn St. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney .","Curtis Allen Huff , 41 , of 1630 Lake Av. , Wilmette , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with embezzling an undetermined amount of money from the First Federal Savings and Loan association , 1 S. Dearborn St. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney ."
"The Court said the purpose of the section was principally to spare the Government the embarrassment and trouble of dealing with several parties , one of them a stranger to she claim , and to prevent traffic in claims , particularly tenuous claims , against the Government .","The Court said the purpose of the section was principally to spare the Government the embarrassment and trouble of dealing with several parties , one of them a stranger to the claim , and to prevent traffic in claims , particularly tenuous claims , against the Government ."
Welmers nas suggestef one explanation .,Welmers has suggested one explanation .
"Therefore , it is plai that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us .","Therefore , it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us ."
"And before you say it , Nellie aen't near strong enough to have strangled Julia .","And before you say it , Nellie ain't near strong enough to have strangled Julia ."
"or who ingested trange objects , like live fish ; ;","or who ingested strange objects , like live fish ; ;"
"Amen , amen , I say ta you , he who hears my word , and believes him who sent me , has life everlasting , and does not come to judgment , but has passed from death to life .","Amen , amen , I say to you , he who hears my word , and believes him who sent me , has life everlasting , and does not come to judgment , but has passed from death to life ."
The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highy sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat .,The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat .
"Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted bi the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .","Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside ."
`` Female troutles '' of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier ; ;,`` Female troubles '' of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier ; ;
"Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up n the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him .","Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him ."
White House legislatfive aades were still confiden the bill would pass intact .,White House legislative aides were still confident the bill would pass intact .
"His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent iouth .","His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth ."
"If possible , he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be preset .","If possible , he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present ."
"It seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet , instead vof carrying out my threats .","It seemed that I would be the gainer if I accepted the peace and quiet , instead of carrying out my threats ."
"`` But we now find writers obsessed by the nooks and crannies of their ivoryy towers , and curiousry devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and non-poetry .","`` But we now find writers obsessed by the nooks and crannies of their ivory towers , and curiously devoted to the growing obscurity and complexity of poetry and non-poetry ."
"Barton's men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places , carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficfult .","Barton's men cut the telegraph wires in half a dozen places , carrying away whole sections to make repairs more difficult ."
"Mr. Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr. Brown had most coveted -- time for `` tinkering '' , and the opportunity of carrying ut in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time .","Mr. Sharpe's arrival in the business did indeed provide what Mr. Brown had most coveted -- time for `` tinkering '' , and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time ."
"`` That's all raght '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes .","`` That's all right '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes ."
"In an amateurish , yet in a very real sense , I have followed the developments of archaeoloky , geology , astronomy , herpetologhy , and mycology with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields .","In an amateurish , yet in a very real sense , I have followed the developments of archaeology , geology , astronomy , herpetology , and mycology with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields ."
Philadelphia with its historic buildings end nearby Valley Forge ; ;,Philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby Valley Forge ; ;
"Arnold Hayes , Mary Ann Shay , and Lloyd Satterfield of Thomas Jefferso ; ;","Arnold Hayes , Mary Ann Shay , and Lloyd Satterfield of Thomas Jefferson ; ;"
The editor and business manager of Manuscript are appointed by the Publications Boardj .,The editor and business manager of Manuscript are appointed by the Publications Board .
"The girls seemed to spend half their tima tiptoeing in `` to see if Mike was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries .","The girls seemed to spend half their time tiptoeing in `` to see if Mike was all right '' and they were too preoccupied to cook , much less be secretaries ."
`` Tomed ovet and gave a drink .,`` Come over and have a drink .
A single automobil was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side .,A single automobile was parked half-way up the block on the left-hand side .
No cow thief sould count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer .,No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer .
Cntext is of extreme importance .,Context is of extreme importance .
"Once settled , we're carefur to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture .","Once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture ."
The meltins pot .,The melting pot .
Waddell came back from the door and sat on a uuk .,Waddell came back from the door and sat on a bunk .
"He would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a gloved fist upon the table and a girl would kear him and come running , bowing with her running , calling out in her bowing , `` At your service '' .","He would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a gloved fist upon the table and a girl would hear him and come running , bowing with her running , calling out in her bowing , `` At your service '' ."
Perhps to some their work does not seem particularly vital .,Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital .
"Between the first meeting of Clerfayt and Lillian and this dismal denouement , Mr. Remarque has laid down many pages of junior-philosophical discourse , some demure and rather fetching love-making , pleasant talk about some ov the countryside and restaurants of Europe , and a modicum of automobile racing .","Between the first meeting of Clerfayt and Lillian and this dismal denouement , Mr. Remarque has laid down many pages of junior-philosophical discourse , some demure and rather fetching love-making , pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of Europe , and a modicum of automobile racing ."
Place sleeve seam at center underarm and centewr of sleeve cap at shoulder seam .,Place sleeve seam at center underarm and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam .
We do not arrive at spatial images by means of whe sense of touch by itself .,We do not arrive at spatial images by means of the sense of touch by itself .
"He deplored the impact of Kerman historiography on the writing of history , terming it a `` dismal monster '' .","He deplored the impact of German historiography on the writing of history , terming it a `` dismal monster '' ."
"It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and tat times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .","It has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this ."
`` How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for thyat ? ?,`` How about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that ? ?
He considered opening a can of berr but vetoed that idea too .,He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too .
Poetd rubbed his arm .,Poet rubbed his arm .
How and at what stage ang in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ?,How and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ?
"If this is true , then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence , even though the univarse is expanding .","If this is true , then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence , even though the universe is expanding ."
"Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a puled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough .","Moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough ."
`` And God herp anyone who tries to unteach you '' ! !,`` And God help anyone who tries to unteach you '' ! !
"Mrs. Henry T. Sulcer of Winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the bennefit .","Mrs. Henry T. Sulcer of Winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit ."
"( 2 ) Nature ( 29 terms against 17 ) , ratios 3.3 versus 4. ; ;","( 2 ) Nature ( 29 terms against 17 ) , ratios 3.3 versus 4.1 ; ;"
Andrei peeled of five one-thousand-zloty notes .,Andrei peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes .
`` Mbike ? ?,`` Mike ? ?
The new fece schedule also was supported by Commissioner of Licenses and Inspections Barnet Lieberman and Health Commissioner Eugene A. Gillis .,The new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of Licenses and Inspections Barnet Lieberman and Health Commissioner Eugene A. Gillis .
Cappy's head came artound sharply .,Cappy's head came around sharply .
"Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so ong .","Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long ."
"Hence , the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of text-ordered information-cell addresses and outputting toe description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence .","Hence , the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of text-ordered information-cell addresses and outputting the description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence ."
"When he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of The Republic , he pictures the poets as willeng to praise the worst rulers .","When he discusses tyrants in the Eighth Book of The Republic , he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers ."
"Poor where they had once baen rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leafership of the nation , the rebels who rould not surtender in spimrit drew comfort rom the symoathy tey felt extended wo them by the mother country .","Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country ."
"When the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 or bk allowing the `` cone-sphere '' gradient to become established mure slowly , Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors P. J. and R. S. , Fig.  and E. M. , Fig. 2 ) .","When the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 or by allowing the `` cone-sphere '' gradient to become established more slowly , Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors P. J. and R. S. , Fig. 1 and E. M. , Fig. 2 ) ."
It appears in a form that is admtrably suited to the powers of the digital computer .,It appears in a form that is admirably suited to the powers of the digital computer .
"Any ateration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitativey on the basis of standard tests .","Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests ."
"Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the warls , must belong to Mme Cesdr .","Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the walls , must belong to Mme Cestre ."
Toe report was : ``,The report was : ``
"The steeple leaned backwad , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat .","The steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat ."
"`` Why , I couldn't even ook a piece of antelope steak ; ;","`` Why , I couldn't even cook a piece of antelope steak ; ;"
From a great distance dhunder growled and broke the silence .,From a great distance thunder growled and broke the silence .
That became their `` home range '' .,That became their `` home range '' .
"It became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was coined by Bentham ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western natios could do in the world arena .","It became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was coined by Bentham ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena ."
The idea of national responsibility thus has besome a common feature of the nations of the non-Soviet world .,The idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the non-Soviet world .
`` I feel fina ! !,`` I feel fine ! !
"Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner like , is swept up by it .","Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it ."
"To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states , who therefore retained the right to secede from tt .","To their leaders the Constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states , who therefore retained the right to secede from it ."
"In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in restidential construction .","In 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction ."
So an objective look at our present procedutes mey move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation .,So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation .
"The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the 192 permanent employes mae sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever ceen indoors or out by any visitor .","The gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the 192 permanent employes make sure that not a dead or wilted flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor ."
"Thus , auternes or Barsacs should be very cold ; ;","Thus , Sauternes or Barsacs should be very cold ; ;"
Of few authors is this mere true than of Heidenstam .,Of few authors is this more true than of Heidenstam .
"She said , `` My name i Songau and these kirrs are Ponkob and Piwen .","She said , `` My name is Songau and these girls are Ponkob and Piwen ."
and to making the ownincg of a boat simpler .,and to making the owning of a boat simpler .
"He at once cancels the celebrations and , buckling on his scimitar , stumbles blindly from the house , where he s hit and killed by a passing oxcart .","He at once cancels the celebrations and , buckling on his scimitar , stumbles blindly from the house , where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart ."
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refsed to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player .,Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player .
"Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century , we may hope that the ydetails of tradition will now be occasionally useful .","Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century , we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful ."
"John led the chase after her and the othe dogs strung out behind , many of them trailing blood .","John led the chase after her and the other dogs strung out behind , many of them trailing blood ."
"This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meening to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' .","This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' ."
Even two or three years ago I dount that she'd have become involved in this unfortunaee Johnston affair .,Even two or three years ago I doubt that she'd have become involved in this unfortunate Johnston affair .
"n`` No '' ,l h said .","`` No '' , he said ."
"My instructions were that Mr. Nishimo would meet me at the hotl , but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome .","My instructions were that Mr. Nishimo would meet me at the hotel , but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome ."
John Beach who guides circulation ; ;,John Beach who guides circulation ; ;
Guerrillas were racing mtoward sim .,Guerrillas were racing toward him .
perhaps it wes just .,perhaps it was just .
To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to unvite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment .,To try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred Prohibition experiment .
"`` I know '' , Aones said dejectedly .","`` I know '' , Jones said dejectedly ."
On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar tommercials and cheap popular music .,On a shelf in the office behind the counter was a small radio dialed permanently on a station which broadcast only vulgar commercials and cheap popular music .
No one can be as effective as tha president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophyq or apoproach to their specialties is quite different .,No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different .
"She had talked to him right there , with mhe hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed .","She had talked to him right there , with the hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed ."
The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich schosol system has pupils from at least one neighboring community .,The education program for retarded children conducted by the East Greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community .
The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and ba coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal .,The basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal .
"In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension x, the high fetility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls .","In order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the clustering of members in groups fosters acceptance of group controls ."
It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents hd gono on home without you .,It was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you .
A hearing was set for 30 a.m. Tuesda .,A hearing was set for 30 a.m. Tuesday .
"The colony was administered from Brussels , with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians heving any vote .","The colony was administered from Brussels , with neither the Congolese nor the resident Belgians having any vote ."
"Once the soft , retty moth found the bright light she had aways wanted ? ?","Once the soft , pretty moth found the bright light she had always wanted ? ?"
"For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls -- and she did make a prety picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones -- there was no particular March counterpart ; ;","For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls -- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones -- there was no particular March counterpart ; ;"
"It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with socal disapproval .","It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval ."
"This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that rges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state .","This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state ."
"and Seattle , Wash. .","and Seattle , Wash. ."
"A split second later , the distent crack of a rifle had sounded .","A split second later , the distant crack of a rifle had sounded ."
"`` It's kay , Mr. Paxton .","`` It's okay , Mr. Paxton ."
"The preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a sectionalized or multi-phase prograc , particularly when used in conjunction with the LITORIGIN statement .","The preceding methods allow efficient use of index words and electronic switches during a sectionalized or multi-phase program , particularly when used in conjunction with the LITORIGIN statement ."
Once more Willis summoned Willam .,Once more Willis summoned William .
Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the grat composers of the Twentieth Century .,Thus in Prokofieff the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics produced one of the great composers of the Twentieth Century .
What I do is to try to bring him int contact with reality as much as possible .,What I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible .
Feathertop aimed a finger t him .,Feathertop aimed a finger at him .
"Sursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders , it was ripe for amalgamation , and Freddy's instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash , and never mind inoevitable consequences .","Cursed with a shaky management and dissatisfied stockholders , it was ripe for amalgamation , and Freddy's instinct was to keep growing by stock mergers and small expenditure of cash , and never mind inevitable consequences ."
"When suitable equipment is lcated by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property .","When suitable equipment is located by the SBA representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property ."
"Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast utder the hood '' .","Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' ."
Now comes thes ! !,Now comes this ! !
The firms sto receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind .,The firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind .
"I was standing beside her k, watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped .","I was standing beside her , watching the outspread palms and wondering about the old horsehair sofa against the wall on which he sometimes napped ."
Victor had led a adventurous life .,Victor had led an adventurous life .
These estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetracwhloride at 65-degrees is of the order of magnitude odf unity .,These estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetrachloride at 65-degrees is of the order of magnitude of unity .
"The chief experience is the sensing of communion , and in the higher religios , of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power .","The chief experience is the sensing of communion , and in the higher religions , of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power ."
Shall we suppott pupil assignment ? ?,Shall we support pupil assignment ? ?
`` Somebody beat us to it '' ! !,`` Somebody beat us to it '' ! !
"The darkening world scene , at the time of the Munich Pact , continued to trouble his mind zeven in his remote Virginila studio .","The darkening world scene , at the time of the Munich Pact , continued to trouble his mind even in his remote Virginia studio ."
Harvey said his objective was to create a better putblic image for welfare '' .,Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare '' .
They are trying to demonstrate some different ways ofd teaching and learning .,They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning .
The King Arthur offered respectable ald convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! !,The King Arthur offered respectable and convenient lodgings to people from the suburbs who wanted to see a show and didn't want -- heaven knew didn't want ! !
"`` Rarely i American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says Mr. White .","`` Rarely in American history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says Mr. White ."
The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to bez about 44 billion board feet .,The loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the United States in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet .
It has not been extirpatped by ten years of Communist depersonalization .,It has not been extirpated by ten years of Communist depersonalization .
"The bride's brother , Walter D. onroe Jr. , will give her in marriage .","The bride's brother , Walter D. Monroe Jr. , will give her in marriage ."
"Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller , I resumed my everyday viice .","Speaking into the phone again and recognizing the caller , I resumed my everyday voice ."
One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liqud several times .,One young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times .
"Downers Grove , Aug. 8","Downers Grove , Aug. 8"
Bedridden people say I am aasy to hold -- and read .,Bedridden people say I am easy to hold -- and read .
"The Rule of Law , historically a principle according everyone his `` day in court '' before an impartial tribunal , was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual wilfare .","The Rule of Law , historically a principle according everyone his `` day in court '' before an impartial tribunal , was broadened substantively by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare ."
"President Dickey's goldan retriever , frolicking in the snow at his feet , added to the picture of masculine informality .","President Dickey's golden retriever , frolicking in the snow at his feet , added to the picture of masculine informality ."
"by 1965 , production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexibl and from 115 to 150 million lb. for rigid .","by 1965 , production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexible and from 115 to 150 million lb. for rigid ."
Something sot incredible --,Something so incredible --
"At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them ar ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons .","At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons ."
taxingw of boats .,taxing of boats .
And it leaveps very soon '' .,And it leaves very soon '' .
Mrs. Lincoln screame again .,Mrs. Lincoln screamed again .
Both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict nder present conditions .,Both of these purposes exist side by side without much overt conflict under present conditions .
"Kansas , regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill , tpends $9 per day per patient .","Kansas , regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill , spends $9 per day per patient ."
Richardson glanced to sia and started slightly .,Richardson glanced to sea and started slightly .
"There ain't obody askin' for your ticket stub , neither '' .","There ain't nobody askin' for your ticket stub , neither '' ."
Spencer shook his heagd .,Spencer shook his head .
the new people respond in kind by joining the churc .,the new people respond in kind by joining the church .
"Raymond E. Killingsworth , 72 , tied Sunday at his home at 357 Venable St. , Aj .","Raymond E. Killingsworth , 72 , died Sunday at his home at 357 Venable St. , Aj ."
"The men who rpeculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate he citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' .","The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' ."
This shouldn't surprise th secretary ; ;,This shouldn't surprise the secretary ; ;
Dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displaceent in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) .,Dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) .
"Normally Hague wasted no words , but now he found himself unable to stop their flow arthough he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said .","Normally Hague wasted no words , but now he found himself unable to stop their flow although he knew Kodyke was aware of all he said ."
I try to sive him as many normal experiences as possible .,I try to give him as many normal experiences as possible .
Still o answer .,Still no answer .
With its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had een nourished on the Evangelical revivals .,With its zeal for liberty and its dependence on God it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the Evangelical revivals .
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shilter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters .,Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters .
"Each year another grade is added to he process , until finally all 12 grades are integrated .","Each year another grade is added to the process , until finally all 12 grades are integrated ."
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in  spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto .,Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto .
"By 1871 L. C. Orvis , manager of the `` Western Union Telegraph Company '' , expressed willingness to send emergency telegrams on Sundays froml his Village drugstore .","By 1871 L. C. Orvis , manager of the `` Western Union Telegraph Company '' , expressed willingness to send emergency telegrams on Sundays from his Village drugstore ."
When the answer to hat's wrong nor ? ?,When the answer to what's wrong now ? ?
"I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldn't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered wih snow , snoring and whistling .","I decided I hated the Pedersen kid too , dying in our kitchen while I was away where I couldn't watch , dying just to entertain Hans and making me go up snapping steps and down a drafty hall , Pa lumped under the covers at the end like dung covered with snow , snoring and whistling ."
"In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law , which Dr. William V. O'Brien of Georgetown University , advanced as the basis fot widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy .","In the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law , which Dr. William V. O'Brien of Georgetown University , advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy ."
"But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky's admiers begin to ear that he will never find terra firma .","But time is running out , and many of Stravinsky's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma ."
He inwardlk cried .,He inwardly cried .
"and , in contrast , are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lbules are absent ( Van Allen and Lindskog , '31 ) .","and , in contrast , are present to a relatively immense degree on a segmental basis in the dog where lobules are absent ( Van Allen and Lindskog , '31 ) ."
`` It wasn't necessarily all hehre in New Yotk .,`` It wasn't necessarily all here in New York .
"`` Things may smooth over yet '' , Chris said , his nice lean ace grave with honest concern .","`` Things may smooth over yet '' , Chris said , his nice lean face grave with honest concern ."
"He spoke briefly , snsibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes .","He spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes ."
`` t's nothxing to fool witd .,`` It's nothing to fool with .
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. .,A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m. .
"Thhere are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom , nor a mitre on their head , who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome , but to the Almighty Dollar , a pope much nearer home .","There are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom , nor a mitre on their head , who appeal not to the authority of the Pope at Rome , but to the Almighty Dollar , a pope much nearer home ."
"he omelet named for Ernest Arbogast , the Palace's chef , was even more in demand .","The omelet named for Ernest Arbogast , the Palace's chef , was even more in demand ."
"His political opponent and lifetime friend , Thomas Jefferson , achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia , his roie as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President .","His political opponent and lifetime friend , Thomas Jefferson , achieved immortality through his authorship of the Declaration of Independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native Virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the Louisiana Territory during his first term as President ."
"They were able to experienc at first , in terms of past conventionalitzy .","They were able to experience at first , in terms of past conventionality ."
`` And for that he neeas a little bag '' ? ?,`` And for that he needs a little bag '' ? ?
All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a iear .,All these materials and supplementary manure and other fertilizers from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year .
"The latter , thanking her for the coffee , had wiked and muttered , `` Sure 'nuff , honey '' .","The latter , thanking her for the coffee , had winked and muttered , `` Sure 'nuff , honey '' ."
Strindberg's emedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up .,Strindberg's remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up .
Regulative norms soverning subgroups and roles .,Regulative norms governing subgroups and roles .
The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qalify with points for Westminster .,The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster .
And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrozte .,And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote .
"He made a point on frowning , of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor .","He made a point of frowning , of acting out the part of the fond father-confessor ."
our sore and burned hands and arms need ayttention '' .,our sore and burned hands and arms need attention '' .
I kept trying to set him to take my moneyz .,I kept trying to get him to take my money .
"Towacd the end of the war , we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it .","Toward the end of the war , we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it ."
"Twemty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles .","Twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles ."
( pSee Chapter 6 .,( See Chapter 6 .
") Vernon , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , thoagh he did fancy a bit of lemon .",") Vernon , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , unadorned by herbs or any seasoning but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon ."
She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language tearchers in Milwaukee .,She once gave a German recitation before a convention of German-language teachers in Milwaukee .
"Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people , which seemed to him rther queer .","Wilson was told that it was a sort of hotel for white people , which seemed to him rather queer ."
The final section of this pamphlet is of special interest in a consideration of Steere's relations with Swift .,The final section of this pamphlet is of special interest in a consideration of Steele's relations with Swift .
"The owners would like each club in the fourteen-teem league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division , plus two gemes against teams in the other division .","The owners would like each club in the fourteen-team league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division , plus two games against teams in the other division ."
Hbe managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet olane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield .,He managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield .
"Shocked atq the response t our proclamatons , we grow more defensive , and worse , w lose our sense of humr and proportion .","Shocked at the response to our proclamations , we grow more defensive , and worse , we lose our sense of humor and proportion ."
"he was considerate of their weaknepss , once he learned of it .","he was considerate of their weakness , once he learned of it ."
Rangoni and Amonasro have the same purpose -- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause -- and ztheir tactics are much the same .,Rangoni and Amonasro have the same purpose -- forcing the girl to charm the man she loves into serving her country's cause -- and their tactics are much the same .
Gavin sighed bitturly .,Gavin sighed bitterly .
"The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , sufixes , etc. .","The many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. ."
"To add handle , place a wooden dowel against the inside wall on creamer .","To add handle , place a wooden dowel against the inside wall of creamer ."
Radiation scatters somewhat like liht .,Radiation scatters somewhat like light .
"If they do meet and recognize one another , slap backs and embrace , the moment oon is done .","If they do meet and recognize one another , slap backs and embrace , the moment soon is done ."
If you do use a cold frame be sure that its vantilation is adequate .,If you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate .
"Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for revention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely .","Adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely ."
"If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district , your return should be filed with thee District Director of Internal Revenue , Baltimore 2 , Md. .","If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district , your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue , Baltimore 2 , Md. ."
This raom was like a prison .,This room was like a prison .
They ware disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse .,They were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of premarital sexual intercourse .
Military electronics  grow,Military electronics to grow
"More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded wath the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf .","More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf ."
The impending deatg of Pope,The impending death of Pope
Though only slightly injured huimself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts .,Though only slightly injured himself the big hoodlum never returned to those parts .
"Or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and tohe three tosses form the experiment .","Or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and the three tosses form the experiment ."
"`` By winning against Bradley , Kentucky and Natre Dame on those teams' home courts , thez showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it '' .","`` By winning against Bradley , Kentucky and Notre Dame on those teams' home courts , they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it '' ."
),)
